Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Place the mushrooms on a baking sheet.
Drizzle with a little olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
Roast in the preheated oven for about 25 minutes.
Cool slightly, then slice into strips.
While the mushrooms are roasting, bring a saucepan of water to a boil.
Plunge the carrot and radish sticks into the boiling water and after a few seconds, remove them and plunge them into a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking.
In a separate bowl, stir together the rice vinegar, 1/2 cup of lime juice and 1/2 cup cold water.
Transfer the carrot and radish to the vinegar and lime marinade and let them soak for at least 15 minutes, longer if it's convenient.
In a small bowl, stir together the remaining lime juice, soy sauce, fish sauce, sesame oil, canola oil, 1/3 cup sugar and 1/3 cup water.
This is the sandwich sauce.
To assemble sandwiches, sprinkle a little of the sandwich sauce onto each half of the French loaves.
Place the roasted mushrooms onto the bottom half of each roll and sprinkle with a little more sauce.
Top with a few slices of jalapeno, a few sticks of carrot and radish (minus the marinade), cucumber, basil and cilantro.
Close with the tops of the bread and serve.
Blend blueberries, 1/2 banana, water, cashew butter, and vanilla extract together in a blender until smooth; pour into a bowl.
Top smoothie with sliced banana, almonds, and coconut.
Heat olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat.
Add onions and mushrooms.
Sprinkle with salt.
Cook and stir until mushrooms release all of their liquid and start to brown, about 10 minutes.
Stir in bell peppers and jalapeno pepper.
Cook and stir until peppers begin to soften up, about 5 minutes.
Season with cumin, paprika, turmeric, black pepper, and cayenne.
Stir and cook to "wake up" the flavors, about 1 minute.
Pour in crushed tomatoes and water.
Adjust heat to medium and simmer uncovered until veggies are softened and sweet, stirring occasionally, 15 to 20 minutes.
Add more water if sauce becomes too thick.
Make a depression in the sauce for each egg with a large spoon.
Crack egg into a small ramekin and slide gently into each indentation; repeat with the rest of the eggs.
Season with salt and pepper.
Cover and cook until eggs are to your desired doneness.
Top with feta cheese and parsley.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Spread pesto on pizza crust.
Top with tomatoes, bell peppers, olives, red onions, artichoke hearts and feta cheese.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted and browned.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix ricotta cheese, spinach, egg, and pepper together in a bowl.
Grind basil, oil, and garlic together into a chunky paste using a mortar and pestle.
Add pine nuts to the pesto; grind to the size of small peddles.
Slice zucchini lengthwise into strips using a mandoline.
Arrange 2 zucchini strips in the shape of a cross.
Spoon some of the ricotta cheese mixture in the middle of the cross.
Top with a dollop of pesto.
Fold ends into the center to create a parcel, starting from the bottom end and moving clockwise.
Secure with a toothpick.
Repeat with remaining zucchini strips, ricotta cheese mixture, and pesto.
Spread some of the pasta sauce in the bottom of a shallow baking dish.
Arrange zucchini parcels on top, spacing them 1/2 inch apart.
Spoon a bit of pasta sauce on top of each parcel.
Sprinkle Parmiggiano-Reggiano cheese on top.
Bake in the preheated oven until sauce and zucchini begin to brown, about 20 minutes.
Mix roasted red pepper, shallot, garlic, 1 teaspoon olive oil, mint, lime juice, Dijon mustard, cilantro, 1/2 teaspoon salt, red pepper flakes, coriander, 1 pinch black pepper, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl to make harissa sauce.
Combine cannellini beans and water in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; heat until warmed through, about 5 minutes.
Drain.
Combine drained beans, 2 teaspoons truffle oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a food processor; puree until smooth.
Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Brush mushroom caps on both sides with 4 teaspoons olive oil; season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.
Grill mushrooms, gill-side up, basting frequently with vegetable broth, about 4 minutes per side.
Top each mushroom cap with 1/2 cup bean puree and 2 tablespoons of harissa sauce.
Heat butter and olive oil together in a deep large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir mushrooms and shallots until slightly softened, about 5 minutes.
Add cherry tomatoes and cook until tomatoes begin to cook down, about 5 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium-low and add cream to mushroom mixture.
Stir zucchini noodles and basil into mushroom mixture; cook and stir until heated through and zucchini are slightly tender, about 5 minutes.
Season mixture with salt and pepper.
Fill a bowl with boiling water; add rice noodles.
Cover bowl and let sit until noodles are softened, about 10 minutes.
Drain.
Add 1 tablespoon olive oil and toss to coat.
Mix romaine lettuce, red bell pepper, red onion, green onions, cucumber, basil, cilantro, ginger root, jalapeno pepper, and garlic with rice noodles.
Whisk 1/3 cup olive oil, rice vinegar, soy sauce, white sugar, lemon juice, lime juice, salt, turmeric, and paprika together in a bowl; pour over rice noodle mixture and toss to coat.
Combine cashews, green chile peppers, hemp milk, jalapeno pepper, and salt in a blender; process until smooth.
Pour cashew mixture into a small bowl; stir in 1 cup cilantro.
Bring water and quinoa to a boil in a saucepan.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
Divide romaine lettuce among 4 bowls.
Top with quinoa, black beans, red bell pepper, and onion.
Drizzle cilantro sauce on top.
Garnish with remaining 1/4 cup cilantro and chopped avocados.
In a medium bowl, mash together the avocados, lime juice, and salt.
Mix in onion, cilantro, tomatoes, and garlic.
Stir in cayenne pepper.
Refrigerate 1 hour for best flavor, or serve immediately.
Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir onion and garlic until lightly browned, about 10 minutes.
Mix quinoa into onion mixture and cover with vegetable broth; season with cumin, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper.
Bring the mixture to a boil.
Cover, reduce heat, and simmer until quinoa is tender and broth is absorbed, about 20 minutes.
Stir frozen corn into the saucepan, and continue to simmer until heated through, about 5 minutes; mix in the black beans and cilantro.
Melt butter in a medium, non-stick saucepan over medium heat.
Add cream cheese and garlic powder, stirring with wire whisk until smooth.
Add milk, a little at a time, whisking to smooth out lumps.
Stir in Parmesan and pepper.
Remove from heat when sauce reaches desired consistency.
Sauce will thicken rapidly, thin with milk if cooked too long.
Toss with hot pasta to serve.
In a large bowl, thoroughly mix kiwis, Golden Delicious apples, raspberries, strawberries, white sugar, brown sugar and fruit preserves.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Coat one side of each flour tortilla with butter flavored cooking spray.
Cut into wedges and arrange in a single layer on a large baking sheet.
Sprinkle wedges with desired amount of cinnamon sugar.
Spray again with cooking spray.
Bake in the preheated oven 8 to 10 minutes.
Repeat with any remaining tortilla wedges.
Allow to cool approximately 15 minutes.
Serve with chilled fruit mixture.
In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium heat.
Cook and stir almonds in butter until lightly toasted.
Remove from heat, and let cool.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the sesame seeds, poppy seeds, sugar, onion, paprika, white wine vinegar, cider vinegar, and vegetable oil.
Toss with spinach just before serving.
In a large bowl, combine the spinach with the toasted almonds and cranberries.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).
Place trimmed Brussels sprouts, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper in a large resealable plastic bag.
Seal tightly, and shake to coat.
Pour onto a baking sheet, and place on center oven rack.
Roast in the preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes, shaking pan every 5 to 7 minutes for even browning.
Reduce heat when necessary to prevent burning.
Brussels sprouts should be darkest brown, almost black, when done.
Adjust seasoning with kosher salt, if necessary.
Serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray.
Clean mushrooms with a damp paper towel.
Carefully break off stems.
Chop stems extremely fine, discarding tough end of stems.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add garlic and chopped mushroom stems to the skillet.
Fry until any moisture has disappeared, taking care not to burn garlic.
Set aside to cool.
When garlic and mushroom mixture is no longer hot, stir in cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, black pepper, onion powder and cayenne pepper.
Mixture should be very thick.
Using a little spoon, fill each mushroom cap with a generous amount of stuffing.
Arrange the mushroom caps on prepared cookie sheet.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the mushrooms are piping hot and liquid starts to form under caps.
Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium low heat.
Add cream and simmer for 5 minutes, then add garlic and cheese and whisk quickly, heating through.
Stir in parsley and serve.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Put sweet potatoes in a medium saucepan  with water to cover.
Cook over medium high heat until tender; drain and mash.
In a large bowl, mix together the sweet potatoes, white sugar, eggs, salt, butter, milk and vanilla extract.
Mix until smooth.
Transfer to a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In medium bowl, mix the brown sugar and flour.
Cut in the butter until the mixture is coarse.
Stir in the pecans.
Sprinkle the mixture over the sweet potato mixture.
Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, or until the topping is lightly brown.
If grilling, preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil a sheet of aluminum foil.
If baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C), and lightly oil a baking sheet.
In a medium bowl, mash black beans with a fork until thick and pasty.
In a food processor, finely chop bell pepper, onion, and garlic.
Then stir into mashed beans.
In a small bowl, stir together egg, chili powder, cumin, and chili sauce.
Stir the egg mixture into the mashed beans.
Mix in bread crumbs until the mixture is sticky and holds together.
Divide mixture into four patties.
If grilling, place patties on foil, and grill about 8 minutes on each side.
If baking, place patties on baking sheet, and bake about 10 minutes on each side.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Dip eggplant slices in egg, then in bread crumbs.
Place in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven for 5 minutes on each side.
In a 9x13 inch baking dish spread spaghetti sauce to cover the bottom.
Place a layer of eggplant slices in the sauce.
Sprinkle with mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses.
Repeat with remaining ingredients, ending with the cheeses.
Sprinkle basil on top.
Bake in preheated oven for 35 minutes, or until golden brown.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil, add pasta, and cook until done; drain.
In 9x13 inch baking dish, stir together macaroni, shredded Cheddar cheese, cottage cheese, sour cream, Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper.
In a small bowl, mix together bread crumbs and melted butter.
Sprinkle topping over macaroni mixture.
Bake 30 to 35 minutes, or until top is golden.
Preheat the oven on broiler setting.
In a large bowl, combine the roma tomatoes, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, vinegar, basil, salt, and pepper.
Allow the mixture to sit for 10 minutes.
Cut the baguette into 3/4-inch slices.
On a baking sheet, arrange the baguette slices in a single layer.
Broil for 1 to 2 minutes, until slightly brown.
Divide the tomato mixture evenly over the baguette slices.
Top the slices with mozzarella cheese.
Broil for 5 minutes, or until the cheese is melted.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Grease a large casserole dish.
Place the olive oil and garlic in a large resealable bag.
Add cauliflower, and shake to mix.
Pour into the prepared casserole dish, and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Bake for 25 minutes, stirring halfway through.
Top with Parmesan cheese and parsley, and broil for 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9 inch pie pan.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Add onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are soft.
Stir in spinach and continue cooking until excess moisture has evaporated.
In a large bowl, combine eggs, cheese, salt and pepper.
Add spinach mixture and stir to blend.
Scoop into prepared pie pan.
Bake in preheated oven until eggs have set, about 30 minutes.
Let cool for 10 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place garlic in a small baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven 20 to 30  minutes, until soft.
Remove from heat.
When cool enough to touch, squeeze softened garlic from skins.
In an 8x8 inch baking dish, spread the roasted garlic, spinach, artichoke hearts, Alfredo-style pasta sauce, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, and cream cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, or until cheeses are melted and bubbly.
Serve warm.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a small baking dish.
In a medium bowl, mix together cream cheese, mayonnaise, Parmesan cheese, Romano cheese, garlic, basil, garlic salt, salt and pepper.
Gently stir in artichoke hearts and spinach.
Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish.
Top with mozzarella cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven 25 minutes, until bubbly and lightly browned.
In a large soup pot, heat oil over medium heat.
Add onions, carrots, and celery; cook and stir until onion is tender.
Stir in garlic, bay leaf, oregano, and basil; cook for 2 minutes.
Stir in lentils, and add water and tomatoes.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, and simmer for at least 1 hour.
When ready to serve stir in spinach, and cook until it wilts.
Stir in vinegar, and season to taste with salt and pepper, and more vinegar if desired.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat oil in a medium skillet and saute onion and garlic until soft.
Mash beans into the onion mixture.
Gradually stir in water; heat until warm, 2 to 3 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in the soy sauce, chili powder, mustard, cumin, and cayenne pepper.
Divide bean mixture and mashed sweet potatoes evenly between the tortillas; top with cheese.
Fold tortillas burrito-style around the fillings and place on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until warmed through, about 12 minutes.
In a medium sized saucepan over medium heat, dissolve the sugar in the orange juice.
Stir in the cranberries and cook until the cranberries start to pop (about 10 minutes).
Remove from heat and place sauce in a bowl.
Cranberry sauce will thicken as it cools.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a medium skillet, melt butter over medium heat.
Saute garlic and onion in butter until lightly browned, about 7 minutes.
Stir in spinach, mushrooms, feta and 1/2  cup Cheddar cheese.
Season with salt and pepper.
Spoon mixture into pie crust.
In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs and milk.
Season with salt and pepper.
Pour into the pastry shell, allowing egg mixture to thoroughly combine with spinach mixture.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Sprinkle top with remaining Cheddar cheese, and bake an additional 35 to 40 minutes, until set in center.
Allow to stand 10 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Arrange the asparagus on a baking sheet.
Coat with cooking spray, and season with salt and pepper.
Bake asparagus 12 minutes in the preheated oven, or until tender.
Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Remove from heat, and stir in soy sauce and balsamic vinegar.
Pour over the baked asparagus to serve.
Place the onion, rinsed beans, jalapeno, garlic, salt, pepper, and cumin into a slow cooker.
Pour in the water and stir to combine.
Cook on High for 8 hours, adding more water as needed.
Note: if more than 1 cup of water has evaporated during cooking, then the temperature is too high.
Once the beans have cooked, strain them, and reserve the liquid.
Mash the beans with a potato masher, adding the reserved water as needed to attain desired consistency.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the macaroni, and cook until tender, about 8 minutes.
Rinse under cold water and drain.
In a large bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, vinegar, sugar, mustard, salt and pepper.
Stir in the onion, celery, green pepper, carrot, pimentos and macaroni.
Refrigerate for at least 4 hours before serving, but preferably overnight.
In a large bowl, combine beans, bell peppers, frozen corn, and red onion.
In a small bowl, whisk together olive oil, red wine vinegar, lime juice, lemon juice, sugar, salt, garlic, cilantro, cumin, and black pepper.
Season to taste with hot sauce and chili powder.
Pour olive oil dressing over vegetables; mix well.
Chill thoroughly, and serve cold.
Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine the squash, red bell peppers, sweet potato, and Yukon Gold potatoes.
Separate the red onion quarters into pieces, and add them to the mixture.
In a small bowl, stir together thyme, rosemary, olive oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper.
Toss with vegetables until they are coated.
Spread evenly on a large roasting pan.
Roast for 35 to 40 minutes in the preheated oven, stirring every 10 minutes, or until vegetables are cooked through and browned.
In a medium bowl, combine the zucchini, eggs, onion, flour, Parmesan cheese, mozzarella cheese, and salt.
Stir well enough to distribute ingredients evenly.
Heat a small amount of oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Drop zucchini mixture by heaping tablespoonfuls, and cook for a few minutes on each side until golden.
Cook macaroni according to the package directions.
Drain.
In a saucepan, melt butter or margarine over medium heat.
Stir in enough flour to make a roux.
Add milk to roux slowly, stirring constantly.
Stir in cheeses, and cook over low heat until cheese is melted and the sauce is a little thick.
Put macaroni in large casserole dish, and pour sauce over macaroni.
Stir well.
Melt butter or margarine in a skillet over medium heat.
Add breadcrumbs and brown.
Spread over the macaroni and cheese to cover.
Sprinkle with a little paprika.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes.
Serve.
Place the garbanzo beans, tahini, lemon juice, salt and garlic in a blender or food processor.
Blend until smooth.
Transfer mixture to a serving bowl.
Drizzle olive oil over the garbanzo bean mixture.
Sprinkle with paprika and parsley.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking sheet.
Place spaghetti squash with cut sides down on the prepared baking sheet, and bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a sharp knife can be inserted with only a little resistance.
Remove squash from oven and set aside to cool enough to be easily handled.
Meanwhile, heat oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir onion in oil until tender.
Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes and cook until tomatoes are warmed through.
Use a large spoon to scoop the stringy pulp from the squash and place in a medium bowl.
Toss with the vegetables, feta cheese, olives, and basil.
Serve warm.
Wrap tortillas in foil and place in oven heated to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake for 15 minutes or until heated through.
Heat oil in a 10-inch skillet over medium heat.
Place onion, bell pepper, garlic and jalapenos in skillet, cook for 2 minutes stirring occasionally.
Pour beans into skillet, cook 3 minutes stirring.
Cut cream cheese into cubes and add to skillet with salt.
Cook for 2 minutes stirring occasionally.
Stir cilantro into mixture.
Spoon mixture evenly down center of warmed tortilla and roll tortillas up.
Serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place squash and onion in a large skillet over medium heat.
Pour in a small amount of water.
Cover, and cook until squash is tender, about 5 minutes.
Drain well, and place in a large bowl.
In a medium bowl, mix together cracker crumbs and cheese.
Stir half of the cracker mixture into the cooked squash and onions.
In a small bowl, mix together eggs and milk, then add to squash mixture.
Stir in 1/4 cup melted butter, and season with salt and pepper.
Spread into a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Sprinkle with remaining cracker mixture, and dot with 2 tablespoons butter.
Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes, or until lightly browned.
In a food processor place Italian tomatoes, tomato paste, chopped parsley, minced garlic, oregano, salt, and pepper.
Blend until smooth.
In a large skillet over medium heat saute the finely chopped onion in olive oil for 2 minutes.
Add the blended tomato sauce and white wine.
Simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
In an electric food processor or blender, combine beans, broth, salsa, and cumin.
Blend until fairly smooth.
Heat the bean mixture in a saucepan over medium heat until thoroughly heated.
Ladle soup into 4 individual bowls, and top each bowl with 1 tablespoon of the sour cream and 1/2 tablespoon green onion.
Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Stir in the onion, and season with bay leaves, cumin, oregano, and salt.
Cook and stir until onion is tender, then mix in the celery, green bell peppers, jalapeno peppers, garlic, and green chile peppers.
When vegetables are heated through, mix in the vegetarian burger crumbles.
Reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer 5 minutes.
Mix the tomatoes into the pot.
Season chili with chili powder and pepper.
Stir in the kidney beans, garbanzo beans, and black beans.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 45 minutes.
Stir in the corn, and continue cooking 5 minutes before serving.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm,  about 45 minutes; drain.
Stir in butter, cheese, garlic, salt and oregano.
Mash with a potato masher or with an electric mixer.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly coat an 11x7 inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.
Place potatoes in a single layer in prepared dish, and top with onion.
In a small bowl, combine melted butter, honey, mustard, salt and pepper; drizzle over potatoes and onion.
Bake in the preheated 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) oven for 35 minutes or until tender, stirring halfway through the cooking time.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in onion, and cook until softened, about 2 minutes.
Stir in beans and corn, then add sugar, salsa, and pepper flakes; mix well.
Cook until heated through, about 3 minutes.
Melt 2 teaspoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat.
Place a tortilla in the skillet, sprinkle evenly with cheese, then top with some of the bean mixture.
Place another tortilla on top, cook until golden, then flip and cook on the other side.
Melt more butter as needed, and repeat with remaining tortillas and filling.
Heat oil in a deep skillet over medium heat.
Saute rice, onion, and bell pepper until rice is browned and onions are tender.
Stir in water and tomatoes.
Season with chili powder and salt.
Cover, and simmer for 30 minutes, or until rice is cooked and liquid is absorbed.
Place lime juice, olive oil, garlic, salt, and cayenne pepper in a small jar.
Cover with lid, and shake until ingredients are well mixed.
In a salad bowl, combine beans, corn, avocado, bell pepper, tomatoes, green onions, and cilantro.
Shake lime dressing, and pour it over the salad.
Stir salad to coat vegetables and beans with dressing, and serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spray a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Spray a large skillet with cooking spray and heat on medium-high.
Saute onion and garlic for 3 minutes, or until onion is tender-crisp.
Stir in broth and rosemary; bring to a boil.
Stir in artichoke hearts and spinach; reduce heat, cover and simmer 5 minutes.
Stir in pasta sauce.
Spread 1/4 of the artichoke mixture in the bottom of the prepared baking dish; top with 3 cooked noodles.
Sprinkle 3/4 cup mozzarella cheese over noodles.
Repeat layers 2 more times, ending with artichoke mixture and mozzarella cheese.
Sprinkle crumbled feta on top.
Bake, covered, for 40 minutes.
Uncover, and bake 15 minutes more, or until hot and bubbly.
Let stand 10 minutes before cutting.
In a large bowl, toss together the spinach and strawberries.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, sugar, paprika, sesame seeds, and poppy seeds.
Pour over the spinach and strawberries, and toss to coat.
Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Stir in the olive oil, salt, and pepper.
Cook garlic in butter for a minute, but do not brown.
Add asparagus, and cook for 10 minutes, turning asparagus to ensure even cooking.
Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine oil, garlic, basil, marjoram, dill weed, thyme, oregano, parsley, red pepper flakes, and salt.
Stir in potatoes until evenly coated.
Place potatoes in a single layer on a roasting pan or baking sheet.
Roast for 20 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, turning occasionally to brown on all sides.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a large bowl, mix together mashed sweet potatoes, 1/2 cup butter, milk, sugar, vanilla extract, and eggs.
Spread sweet potato mixture into the prepared baking dish.
In a small bowl, mix together brown sugar and flour.
Cut in 1/3 cup butter until mixture is crumbly, then stir in pecans.
Sprinkle pecan mixture over the sweet potatoes.
Bake for 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the onion, and cook until tender.
Mix in ginger and garlic, and continue cooking 1 minute.
Mix potatoes, carrots, jalapeno, cashews, and tomato sauce.
Season with salt and curry powder.
Cook and stir 10 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.
Stir peas, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and cream into the skillet.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 10 minutes.
Garnish with cilantro to serve.
In a medium bowl, combine black-eyed peas, black beans, corn, onion, green bell pepper, jalapeno peppers and tomatoes.
Season with Italian-style salad dressing and garlic salt; mix well.
Cover, and refrigerate overnight to blend flavors.
In a large bowl, combine zucchini, egg, and butter or margarine.
Stir in seasoned crumbs, minced onion, and seasoning.
Mix well.
Shape mixture into patties.
Dredge in flour.
In a medium skillet, heat oil over medium high heat until hot.
Fry patties in oil until golden brown on both sides.
In a large bowl, mix the shortening, sugar, and hot water.
Allow to cool until lukewarm, and mix in the yeast until dissolved.
Mix in the egg, salt, and flour.
Allow the dough to rise until doubled in size.
Grease 8 muffin cups.
Divide the dough into the prepared muffin cups, and allow to rise again until doubled in size.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a large bowl, toss broccoli florets with the extra virgin olive oil, sea salt, pepper and garlic.
Spread the broccoli out in an even layer on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until florets are tender enough to pierce the stems with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes.
Remove and transfer to a serving platter.
Squeeze lemon juice liberally over the broccoli before serving for a refreshing, tangy finish.
In a small bowl combine yogurt, cucumber, dill, salt, pepper and mayonnaise and mix well.
Chill for at least 30 minutes.
In a large bowl mash chickpeas until thick and pasty; don't use a blender, as the consistency will be too thin.
In a blender, process onion, parsley and garlic until smooth.
Stir into mashed chickpeas.
In a small bowl combine egg, cumin, coriander, salt, pepper, cayenne, lemon juice and baking powder.
Stir into chickpea mixture along with olive oil.
Slowly add bread crumbs until mixture is not sticky but will hold together; add more or less bread crumbs, as needed.
Form 8 balls and then flatten into patties.
Heat 1 inch of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Fry patties in hot oil until brown on both sides.
Serve two falafels in each pita half topped with chopped tomatoes and cucumber sauce.
In a blender or food processor, combine sugar, lemon juice, onion, mustard, and salt.
Process until well blended.
With machine still running, add oil in a slow, steady stream until mixture is thick and smooth.
Add poppy seeds, and process just a few seconds more to mix.
In a large serving bowl, toss together the romaine lettuce, shredded Swiss cheese, cashews, dried cranberries, apple, and pear.
Pour dressing over salad just before serving, and toss to coat.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease and flour one 9x13 inch cake pan.
In a mixing bowl; beat oil and eggs with an electric mixer until creamy.
Add the sugar and vanilla and beat well.
Combine the flour salt, baking soda, and ground cinnamon together in a bowl.
Slowly add this mixture to the egg mixture and mix until combined.
The batter will be very thick.
Fold in the apples by hand using a wooden spoon.
Spread batter into the prepared pan.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes or until cake tests done.
Let cake cool on a wire rack.
Once cake is cool serve with a dusting of confectioners' sugar or with a Cream Cheese Frosting.
Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Once hot, stir in the sugar and popcorn.
Cover, and shake the pot constantly to keep the sugar from burning.
Once the popping has slowed to once every 2 to 3 seconds, remove the pot from the heat and continue to shake for a few minutes until the popping has stopped.
Pour into a large bowl, and allow to cool, stirring occasionally to break up large clumps.
Drain and rinse chickpeas.
Pour chickpeas into a medium size mixing bowl and mash with a fork.
Mix in celery, onion, mayonnaise (to taste), lemon juice, dill, salt and pepper to taste.
Place tomatoes and juice in a stock pot over medium heat.
Simmer for 30 minutes.
Puree the tomato mixture along with the basil leaves, and return the puree to the stock pot.
Place the pot over medium heat, and stir in the heavy cream and butter.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat, stirring until the butter is melted.
Do not boil.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Over medium-low heat melt butter in a large saucepan.
Add onions, garlic and broccoli.
Cook slowly, stirring occasionally until the vegetables are soft.
Spoon vegetables into crust and sprinkle with cheese.
Combine eggs and milk.
Season with salt and pepper.
Stir in melted butter.
Pour egg mixture over vegetables and cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 50 minutes, or until center has set.
In a medium bowl, beat together cream cheese and butter until smooth.
Mix in confectioners' sugar, brown sugar and vanilla.
Stir in chocolate chips.
Cover, and chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours.
Shape chilled cream cheese mixture into a ball.
Wrap with plastic, and chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour.
Roll the cheese ball in finely chopped pecans before serving.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Place spinach in a medium saucepan with enough water to cover.
Bring to a boil.
Lower heat to simmer and cook until spinach is limp, about 3 minutes.
Remove from heat, drain, and set aside.
In a large bowl, mix flour, salt and baking powder.
Stir in eggs, milk and butter.
Mix in spinach, onion and mozzarella cheese.
Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Cool before serving.
In a medium bowl, mix together mayonnaise, sour cream, dry leek soup mix, water chestnuts and chopped spinach.
Chill in the refrigerator 6 hours, or overnight.
Remove top and interior of sourdough bread.
Fill with mayonnaise mixture.
Tear removed bread chunks into pieces for dipping.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place potatoes in an 8x8 inch baking dish.
In a small bowl combine melted butter, garlic, salt and lemon juice; pour over potatoes and stir to coat.
Sprinkle Parmesan cheese over potatoes.
Bake, covered, in preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Uncover and bake until golden brown and tender when pierced with a fork, about 10 minutes more.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add garlic and onion; cook for a few minutes until fragrant, but not brown.
Stir in spinach, and cook for about 5 more minutes.
Remove from the heat, and mix in ricotta cheese, sour cream, and 1 cup of Monterey Jack cheese.
In a skillet over medium heat, warm tortillas one at a time until flexible, about 15 seconds.
Spoon about 1/4 cup of the spinach mixture onto the center of each tortilla.
Roll up, and place seam side down in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Pour enchilada sauce over the top, and sprinkle with the remaining cup of Monterey Jack.
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes in the preheated oven, until sauce is bubbling and cheese is lightly browned at the edges.
In large saucepan, heat oil over medium heat; cook onion, garlic, and carrots, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until onion is softened.
Add chili powder and cumin; cook, stirring, for 1 minute.
Add stock, 1 can of the beans, corn, and pepper; bring to boil.
Meanwhile, in food processor or blender, puree together tomatoes and remaining can of beans; add to pot.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes or until carrots are tender.
Wash the lentils in cold water until the water runs clear.
Put lentils in a pot with enough water to cover; bring to a boil, place a cover on the pot, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer, adding water during cooking as needed to keep covered, until tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
Drain.
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onions in hot oil until caramelized, about 20 minutes.
Mix curry paste, curry powder, turmeric, cumin, chili powder, salt, sugar, garlic, and ginger together in a large bowl; stir into the onions.
Increase heat to high and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes.
Stir in the tomato puree, remove from heat and stir into the lentils.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, mash the bananas.
Stir in oats, dates, oil, and vanilla.
Mix well, and allow to sit for 15 minutes.
Drop by teaspoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until lightly brown.
In a large skillet over medium heat, melt butter with olive oil; add garlic, and cook until lightly browned, stirring frequently.
Stir in green beans, and season with salt and pepper.
Cook until beans are tender, about 10 minutes.
Remove from heat, and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Bring quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes.
Set aside to cool.
Whisk olive oil, lime juice, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, and red pepper flakes together in a bowl.
Combine quinoa, tomatoes, black beans, and green onions together in a bowl.
Pour dressing over quinoa mixture; toss to coat.
Stir in cilantro; season with salt and black pepper.
Serve immediately or chill in refrigerator.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking sheet.
In a medium saucepan, bring water to a boil.
Stir in the rice.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes.
Remove from heat, and set aside.
Place the peppers cut-side down on the prepared baking sheet.
Roast 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until tender and skin starts to brown.
While the peppers are roasting, heat oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook the onions, basil, Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper in oil for 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in the tomato, and cook for 5 minutes.
Spoon in the cooked rice, and stir until heated through.
Remove from heat, mix in the feta cheese, and spoon the mixture into the pepper halves.
Return to the oven for 5 minutes.
Serve immediately.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta in boiling water until al dente; drain.
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; add onion and garlic, and cook until golden brown.
Mix in tomatoes, mushrooms, and spinach.
Season with salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes.
Cook 2 minutes more, until tomatoes are heated through and spinach is wilted.
Reduce heat to medium, stir in pasta and feta cheese, and cook until heated through.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Drop in potatoes, and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes.
Transfer potatoes to a large bowl, and mash until smooth.
Mix in the cream cheese, sour cream, onion powder, salt, pepper and butter.
Cover, and refrigerate 8 hours, or overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a medium baking dish.
Spread potato mixture into the prepared baking dish, and bake in the preheated oven about 30 minutes.
In a small bowl, combine bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon oregano, salt, and black pepper.
Slice tofu into 1/4 inch thick slices, and place in bowl of cold water.
One at a time, press tofu slices into crumb mixture, turning to coat all sides.
Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Cook tofu slices until crisp on one side.
Drizzle with a bit more olive oil, turn, and brown on the other side.
Combine tomato sauce, basil, garlic, and remaining oregano.
Place a thin layer of sauce in an 8 inch square baking pan.
Arrange tofu slices in the pan.
Spoon remaining sauce over tofu.
Top with shredded mozzarella and remaining 3 tablespoons Parmesan.
Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).
Butter a 1 1/2 quart casserole dish.
Bring a saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add macaroni, and cook until not quite done, about 6 minutes.
Drain.
In a separate saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat.
Blend in the flour, mustard powder, and pepper until smooth.
Slowly stir in the milk, beating out any lumps.
Add the American and processed cheeses, and stir constantly until the sauce is thick and smooth.
Drain noodles, and stir them into the cheese sauce.
Transfer the mixture to the prepared casserole dish.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over the top.
Cover the dish, and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until sauce is thick and bubbly.
In a bowl, mix the mayonnaise, minced garlic, and lemon juice.
Set aside in the refrigerator.
Preheat the grill for high heat.
Brush vegetables with olive oil on each side.
Brush grate with oil.
Place bell peppers and zucchini closest to the middle of the grill, and set onion and squash pieces around them.
Cook for about 3 minutes, turn, and cook for another 3 minutes.
The peppers may take a bit longer.
Remove from grill, and set aside.
Spread some of the mayonnaise mixture on the cut sides of the bread, and sprinkle each one with feta cheese.
Place on the grill cheese side up, and cover with lid for 2 to 3 minutes.
This will warm the bread, and slightly melt the cheese.
Watch carefully so the bottoms don't burn.
Remove from grill, and layer with the vegetables.
Enjoy as open faced grilled sandwiches.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 7x11 inch baking dish.
In a medium bowl, mix together the cream cheese and mayonnaise until smooth.
Mix in the artichoke hearts, spinach and Parmesan cheese.
Season with garlic and lemon juice.
Spread evenly into the prepared baking dish.
Bake covered for 20 minutes.
Remove the cover, and let the dish bake uncovered for 5 more minutes, or until the surface is lightly browned.
In a stockpot over medium-high heat, heat the oil.
Add the onion and garlic and saute for 4 minutes.
Add the rice and saute for 2 minutes.
Add the vegetable broth, bring to a boil, cover and lower the heat and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the spices and black beans.
In a blender, combine soy milk, oats, banana and strawberries.
Add vanilla and sugar if desired.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into glasses and serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease an 8x8 inch baking dish.
Place apples in prepared dish.
Sprinkle with cinnamon.
Pour water over all.
In a bowl, cream together sugar and butter.
Blend in flour.
Sprinkle mixture evenly over apples.
Bake in preheated oven 30 to 40 minutes, until apples are tender and crust is golden.
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C).
Combine the margarine, salt, garlic salt, Worcestershire sauce and pumpkin seeds.
Mix thoroughly and place in shallow baking dish.
Bake for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
Place the tomatoes, onion, garlic, lime juice, salt, green chiles, and cilantro in a blender or food processor.
Blend on low to desired consistency.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Coat bottom and sides of a 1 1/2 quart casserole dish with 1 tablespoon olive oil.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir garlic until lightly browned.
Mix in parsley and eggplant.
Cook and stir until eggplant is soft, about 10 minutes.
Season with salt to taste.
Spread eggplant mixture evenly across bottom of prepared casserole dish.
Sprinkle with a few tablespoons of Parmesan cheese.
Spread zucchini in an even layer over top.
Lightly salt and sprinkle with a little more cheese.
Continue layering in this fashion, with onion, mushrooms, bell pepper, and tomatoes, covering each layer with a sprinkling of salt and cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes.
In a blender, chop the garlic.
Pour garbanzo beans into the blender, reserving about a tablespoon for garnish.
Add reserved liquid, lemon juice, tahini, and salt to the blender.
Blend until creamy and well mixed.
Transfer the mixture to a medium serving bowl.
Sprinkle with pepper and pour olive oil over the top.
Garnish with reserved garbanzo beans.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Butter a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together condensed soup, mayonnaise, egg and onions.
Place frozen broccoli into a very large mixing bowl.
(I like to use my large stainless steel bowl to mix this recipe thoroughly.)
Break up the frozen broccoli.
Using a rubber spatula, scrape soup-mayonnaise mixture on top of broccoli, and mix well.
Sprinkle on cheese, and mix well.
Spread mixture into prepared baking dish, and smooth top of casserole.
Season with salt, pepper and paprika.
Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
Melt the butter in a large, heavy bottomed pot over medium-high heat.
Place the chopped sweet potatoes, carrots, apple, and onion in the pot.
Stir and cook the apples and vegetables until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes.
Stir the lentils, ginger, ground black pepper, salt, cumin, chili powder, paprika, and vegetable broth into the pot with the apple and vegetable mixture.
Bring the soup to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the lentils and vegetables are soft, about 30 minutes.
Working in batches, pour the soup into a blender, filling the pitcher no more than halfway full.
Hold down the lid of the blender with a folded kitchen towel, and carefully start the blender, using a few quick pulses to get the soup moving before leaving it on to puree.
Puree in batches until smooth and pour into a clean pot.
Alternately, you can use a stick blender and puree the soup right in the cooking pot.
Return the pureed soup to the cooking pot.
Bring back to a simmer over medium-high heat, about 10 minutes.
Add water as needed to thin the soup to your preferred consistency.
Serve with yogurt for garnish.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt.
Pour in water, vegetable oil and vanilla; mix until well blended.
Spread evenly in a 9x13 inch baking pan.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until the top is no longer shiny.
Let cool for at least 10 minutes before cutting into squares.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a large bowl, mix eggs, ricotta, half the mozzarella, half the Parmesan, parsley, salt and pepper until well combined.
Stuff cooked shells with ricotta mixture and place in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a medium bowl, stir together pasta sauce, mushrooms and reserved mozzarella and Parmesan.
Pour over stuffed shells.
Bake in preheated oven 45 to 60 minutes, until edges are bubbly and shells are slightly set.
Cook carrots in a large pot of boiling water until tender.
Drain off most of the liquid, leaving bottom of pan covered with water.
Set the carrots aside.
Stir margarine and brown sugar into the water.
Simmer and stir until the margarine melts.
Return carrots to the pot, and toss to coat.
Cover, and let sit for a few minutes to allow flavors to mingle.
Preheat the broiler.
Cut the bread into slices 1 to 2 inches thick.
In a small bowl, mix butter, olive oil, garlic, oregano, salt and pepper.
Spread the mixture evenly on the bread slices.
On a medium baking sheet, arrange the slices evenly and broil 5 minutes, or until slightly brown.
Check frequently so they do not burn.
Remove from broiler.
Top with cheese and return to broiler 2 to 3 minutes, until cheese is slightly brown and melted.
Serve at once.
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until just tender, about 15 minutes.
Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two.
Meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the onion and garlic; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Season with cumin, cayenne pepper, curry powder, garam masala, ginger, and salt; cook for 2 minutes more.
Add the tomatoes, garbanzo beans, peas, and potatoes.
Pour in the coconut milk, and bring to a simmer.
Simmer 5 to 10 minutes before serving.
Combine the rice and water in a saucepan, and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 20 minutes, until rice is tender.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a shallow 1 1/2 quart casserole dish.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat, and cook the zucchini, green onions, and garlic 5 minutes, or until tender.
Season with garlic salt, basil, paprika, and oregano.
Mix in the cooked rice, tomatoes, and 1 cup cheese.
Continue to cook and stir until heated through.
Transfer to the prepared casserole dish.
Top with remaining cheese.
Bake uncovered 20 minutes, or until cheese is melted and bubbly.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Lay half of the chilies evenly in bottom of baking dish.
Sprinkle with half of the Jack and Cheddar cheeses, and cover with remaining chilies.
In a bowl, mix together the eggs, milk, and flour, and pour over the top of the chilies.
Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes.
Remove from oven, pour tomato sauce evenly over the top, and continue baking another 15 minutes.
Sprinkle with remaining Jack and Cheddar cheeses, and serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onion for 2 minutes.
Stir in flour and cook 1 minute, stirring constantly.
Stir in milk, salt, mustard and pepper; cook, stirring frequently, until mixture boils and thickens.
Meanwhile,  bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add macaroni and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
To the milk mixture add the Cheddar and American cheeses; stir until cheese melts.
Combine macaroni and cheese sauce in a 2 quart baking dish; mix well.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until hot and bubbly.
Let cool 10 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a medium baking pan, toss together the zucchini, potatoes, red bell pepper, garlic, bread crumbs, and olive oil.
Season with paprika, salt, and pepper.
Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender and lightly brown.
In a bowl, toss together the tomatoes, basil, Parmesan cheese, and garlic.
Mix in the balsamic vinegar, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper.
Serve on toasted bread slices.
Bring the quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender and the water has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes.
Roughly mash the black beans with a fork leaving some whole black beans in a paste-like mixture.
Mix the quinoa, bread crumbs, bell pepper, onion, garlic, cumin, salt, hot pepper sauce, and egg into the black beans using your hands.
Form the black bean mixture into 5 patties.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet.
Cook the patties in the hot oil until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes per side.
Pour the vegetable oil into a plastic bag (a produce bag works well).
Add the potato slices, and shake to coat.
Coat a large dinner plate lightly with oil or cooking spray.
Arrange potato slices in a single layer on the dish.
Cook in the microwave for 3 to 5 minutes, or until lightly browned (if not browned, they will not become crisp).
Times will vary depending on the power of your microwave.
Remove chips from plate, and toss with salt (or other seasonings).
Let cool.
Repeat process with the remaining potato slices.
You will not need to keep oiling the plate.
In a medium bowl, mix together cream cheese, dressing mix and mayonnaise.
Spread a thin layer of the cream cheese mixture on a slice of bread, and top with a slice of cucumber.
Sprinkle with dill.
Repeat with remaining ingredients.
In a small bowl, combine softened butter, minced garlic and parmesan cheese.
Season with garlic salt, Italian seasoning, pepper and paprika.
Mix until smooth.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Place the potatoes in the baking dish.
Season with chili powder, salt, and pepper.
Evenly distribute the butter over the potatoes.
Cover dish with aluminum foil, and bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, until potatoes are tender.
Remove from oven, and mix in the cheese and Ranch dressing.
Continue cooking 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted and bubbly.
Peel and mash avocados in a medium serving bowl.
Stir in onion, garlic, tomato, lime juice, salt and pepper.
Season with remaining lime juice and salt and pepper to taste.
Chill for half an hour to blend flavors.
Cook the lasagna noodles in a large pot of boiling water for 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Rinse with cold water, and drain.
In a large saucepan, cook and stir  mushrooms, green peppers, onion, and garlic in oil.
Stir in pasta sauce and basil; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, and simmer 15 minutes.
Mix together ricotta, 2 cups mozzarella cheese, and eggs.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spread 1 cup tomato sauce into the bottom of a greased 9x13 inch baking dish.
Layer 1/2 each, lasagna noodles, ricotta mix, sauce, and Parmesan cheese.
Repeat layering, and top with remaining 2 cups mozzarella cheese.
Bake, uncovered, for 40 minutes.
Let stand 15 minutes before serving.
Pour the vegetable broth into a large pot.
Add the barley, carrots, celery, tomatoes, zucchini, garbanzo beans, onion, and bay leaves.
Season with garlic powder, sugar, salt, pepper, parsley, curry powder, paprika, and Worcestershire sauce.
Bring to a boil, then cover and simmer over medium-low heat for 90 minutes.
The soup will be very thick.
You may adjust by adding more broth or less barley if desired.
Remove bay leaves before serving.
In a saucepan bring water to a boil.
Add quinoa and a pinch of salt.
Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 15 minutes.
Allow to cool to room temperature; fluff with a fork.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine olive oil, sea salt, lemon juice, tomatoes, cucumber, green onions, carrots and parsley.
Stir in cooled quinoa.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Whisk in the flour, salt and pepper until smooth.
Cook and stir over medium heat until browned, about 10 minutes.
Gradually stir in milk so that no lumps form, and continue cooking and stirring until thickened.
If the gravy becomes too thick, you may thin it with a little more milk.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Turn acorn squash upside down onto a cookie sheet.
Bake in a 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven until it begins to soften, approximately 30 to 45 minutes.
Remove squash from the oven and turn onto a plate so that the flesh is facing upwards.
Place butter and brown sugar into the squash, and place remaining squash over the other piece.
Place squash in a baking dish (so the squash won't slide around too much) while baking.
Place squash in the 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven and bake another 30 minutes.
Place the mushroom caps, smooth side up, in a shallow dish.
In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, oil, basil, oregano, garlic, salt, and pepper.
Pour over the mushrooms.
Let stand at room temperature for 15 minutes or so, turning twice.
Preheat grill for medium-high heat.
Brush grate with oil.
Place mushrooms on the grill, reserving marinade for basting.
Grill for 5 to 8 minutes on each side, or until tender.
Brush with marinade frequently.
Top with cheese during the last 2 minutes of grilling.
In a slow cooker, combine black bean soup, kidney beans, garbanzo beans, baked beans, tomatoes, corn, onion, bell pepper and celery.
Season with garlic, chili powder, parsley, oregano and basil.
Cook for at least two hours on High.
Cut a slit from top to bottom, lengthwise, into the side of each jumbo olive.
Carefully insert about 1 teaspoon of cream cheese into each olive.
Slice the carrot into eighteen 1/4 inch thick rounds; cut a small notch out of each carrot slice to form feet.
Save the cut out piece and press into center of small olive to form the beak.
If necessary cut a small slit into each olive before inserting the beak.
Set a big olive, large hole side down, onto a carrot slice.
Then, set a small olive onto the large olive, adjusting so that the beak, cream cheese chest and notch in the carrot slice line up.
Secure with a toothpick.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat.
Saute onion, celery, carrots and garlic for 5 minutes.
Season with chili powder, cumin, and black pepper; cook for 1 minute.
Stir in vegetable broth, 2 cans of beans, and corn.
Bring to a boil.
Meanwhile, in a food processor or blender, process remaining 2 cans beans and tomatoes until smooth.
Stir into boiling soup mixture, reduce heat to medium, and simmer for 15 minutes.
Heat the oil and melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat.
Cook and stir the onion in the butter and oil under tender.
Mix the carrots and squash into the pot.
Pour in vegetable stock, and season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until vegetables are tender.
In a blender or food processor, puree the soup mixture until smooth.
Return to the pot, and stir in the heavy cream.
Heat through, but do not boil.
Serve warm with a dash of nutmeg.
Combine basil, garlic, Parmesan cheese, olive oil, and nuts in the bowl of a food processor or blender.
Blend to a smooth paste.
Add parsley if desired.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease one 9x5 inch loaf pan.
Sift together the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda and salt.
Add the oil, vanilla, vinegar and water.
Mix together until smooth.
Pour into prepared pan and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes.
Remove from oven and allow to cool.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a large bowl, mash pinto beans.
Stir in 3/4 cup salsa and garlic.
In a separate bowl, mix together 1/4 cup salsa, cilantro, black beans and tomatoes.
Place 1 tortilla in a pie plate or tart dish.
Spread 3/4 cup pinto bean mixture over tortilla to within 1/2 inch of edge.
Top with 1/4 cup cheese, and cover with another tortilla.
Spread with 2/3 cup black bean mixture, and top with 1/4 cup cheese.
Repeat layering twice.
Cover with remaining tortilla, and spread with remaining pinto bean mixture and cheese.
Cover with foil, and bake in preheated oven for about 40 minutes.
Cut into wedges, and serve with salsa and sour cream.
Add ingredients to bread machine pan in order recommended by your manufacturer.
Use regular light setting.
Peel the sweet potatoes and cut them into slices.
Melt the butter in a heavy skillet and add the sliced sweet potatoes.
Mix the sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt.
Cover the sweet potatoes with sugar mixture and stir.
Cover skillet, reduce heat to low and cook for about 1 hour or until potatoes are "candied".
They should be tender but a little hard around the edges.
Also the sauce will turn dark.
You will need to stir occasionally during the cooking.
Stir in the vanilla just before serving.
Serve hot.
Preheat grill for high heat.
Lightly coat the asparagus spears with olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Grill over high heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or to desired tenderness.
In a medium size bowl, mash cream cheese.
Mix dressing mix and Cheddar cheese into the cream cheese.
Shape the mixture into a ball.
Roll the ball in the chopped nuts.
Refrigerate covered until ready to serve.
Yum!
Slice tomatoes 1/2 inch thick.
Discard the ends.
Whisk eggs and milk together in a medium-size bowl.
Scoop flour onto a plate.
Mix cornmeal, bread crumbs and salt and pepper on another plate.
Dip tomatoes into flour to coat.
Then dip the tomatoes into milk and egg mixture.
Dredge in breadcrumbs to completely coat.
In a large skillet, pour vegetable oil (enough so that there is 1/2 inch of oil in the pan) and heat over a medium heat.
Place tomatoes into the frying pan in batches of 4 or 5, depending on the size of your skillet.
Do not crowd the tomatoes, they should not touch each other.
When the tomatoes are browned, flip and fry them on the other side.
Drain them on paper towels.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch pan.
In a medium bowl, stir together 1 cup sugar, 3 cups flour, and baking powder.
Mix in salt and cinnamon, if desired.
Use a fork or pastry cutter to blend in the shortening and egg.
Dough will be crumbly.
Pat half of dough into the prepared pan.
In another bowl, stir together the sugar and cornstarch.
Gently mix in the blueberries.
Sprinkle the blueberry mixture evenly over the crust.
Crumble remaining dough over the berry layer.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until top is slightly brown.
Cool completely before cutting into squares.
In a large bowl, beat together eggs, flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper.
Mix in potatoes and onion.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
In batches, drop heaping tablespoonfuls of the potato mixture into the skillet.
Press to flatten.
Cook about 3 minutes on each side, until browned and crisp.
Drain on paper towels.
Place carrots in a pot of salted water.
Bring water to a boil, reduce heat to a high simmer and cook about 20 to 30 minutes.
Do not cook the carrots to a mushy stage!
Drain the carrots, reduce the heat to its lowest possible setting and return the carrots to the pan.
Stir in butter,  brown sugar, salt and pepper.
Cook for about 3 to 5 minutes, until sugar is bubbly.
Serve hot!
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add potatoes, and cook until tender but still firm, about 10 minutes.
Drain, and place in a large bowl.
Combine potatoes with butter, milk, sour cream, salt, and pepper.
Mash together until smooth and creamy.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place green beans and soup in a large microwave-safe bowl.
Mix well and heat in the microwave on HIGH until warm (3 to 5 minutes).
Stir in 1/2 cup of cheese and heat mixture for another 2 to 3 minutes.
Transfer green bean mixture to a casserole dish and sprinkle with French fried onions and remaining cheese.
Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven until the cheese melts and the onions just begin to brown.
Place the sugar, vinegar, water, soy sauce, ketchup and cornstarch in a medium saucepan, and bring to a boil.
Stir continuously until the mixture has thickened.
Arrange a steamer basket in a pot over boiling water, and steam the green beans 3 to 4 minutes.
In a bowl, mix the soy sauce, garlic, garlic chili sauce, and honey.
Heat the canola oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Add the green beans, and fry for  3 to 5 minutes.
Pour in the soy sauce mixture.
Continue cooking and stirring 2 minutes, or until the liquid is nearly evaporated.
Serve immediately.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add orzo and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and rinse with cold water.
Transfer to a large bowl and stir in spinach, feta, onion, pine nuts, basil and white pepper.
Toss with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
Refrigerate and serve cold.
In a bowl, gently stir together tomatoes, avocados, onion, and garlic.
Mix in parsley and oregano.
Gently stir in olive oil and vinegar.
Then stir in feta.
Cover, and chill for 2 to 6 hours.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a small baking dish, mix together artichoke hearts, spinach, sour cream, mayonnaise, cream cheese, Romano cheese, and garlic.
Cover dish.
Bake until heated through and bubbly, about 25 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Combine the whole-kernel corn, cream-style corn, sour cream, melted butter or margarine, beaten eggs and corn muffin mix.
Mix well and pour into one 9x13 inch baking pan.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 45 minutes.
Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into a large bowl.
Whisk the water and oil together in a small bowl.
Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients, and pour in the wet.
Stir just until blended; mixture will be lumpy.
Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat.
Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle, and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry.
Flip, and cook until browned on the other side.
Repeat with remaining batter.
Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
In one small bowl, stir together the bread crumbs, pepper and Parmesan cheese.
Place the egg whites in a separate bowl.
Dip zucchini slices into the egg whites, then coat the breadcrumb mixture.
Place on a greased baking sheet.
Bake for 5 minutes in the preheated oven, then turn over and bake for another 5 to 10 minutes, until browned and crispy.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the onions, and cook about 10 minutes, until browned.
Remove from heat, and set aside.
Place lentils in a medium saucepan with enough lightly salted water to cover.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer about 15 minutes.
Stir rice and enough water to cover into the saucepan with the lentils.
Season with salt and pepper.
Cover saucepan, and continue to simmer 15 to 20 minutes, until rice and lentils are tender.
Mix half the onions into the lentil mixture.
Top with yogurt or sour cream and remaining onions to serve.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook the carrots and onion in the hot oil about 5 minutes.
Stir in the salt, pepper, cumin, turmeric, and cabbage and cook another 15 to 20 minutes.
Add the potatoes; cover.
Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until potatoes are soft, 20 to 30 minutes.
Bring a pot of lightly salted water to boil.
Add pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain, and transfer to a serving bowl.
Meanwhile, place a saucepan over medium-high heat.
Stir in garlic, sugar, oil, vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, and chili sauce.
Bring to a boil, stirring constantly, until sugar dissolves.
Pour sauce over linguine, and toss to coat.
Garnish with green onions and sesame seeds.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place pasta in the pot, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in the mushrooms, cook 1 minute, and set aside.
Melt margarine in the saucepan.
Mix in flour, garlic, and basil.
Gradually mix in milk until thickened.
Stir in 1 cup cheese until melted.
Remove saucepan from heat, and mix in cooked pasta, mushrooms, spinach, and soy sauce.
Transfer to the prepared baking dish, and top with remaining cheese.
Bake 20 minutes in the preheated oven, until bubbly and lightly brown.
In a large pot over medium heat, cook onion in olive oil until translucent.
Stir in garlic and cook until tender.
Reduce heat, and stir in tomato sauce, water, parsley, basil, oregano, salt, cannelini beans, navy beans and Parmesan.
Simmer 1 hour.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Stir into soup.
Stir cornstarch, chili powder, salt, paprika, sugar, onion powder, garlic powder, cayenne pepper, and cumin together in a small bowl.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Prepare the elbow macaroni according to package directions.
Meanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium high heat.
Stir in the flour until a cream colored paste forms.
Then pour in the milk and stir constantly until this comes to a hard boil, then stir for 1 more minute.
Remove from heat and set aside.
When the macaroni is cooked, spread 1/2 of it into the bottom of a lightly greased 9x13-inch baking dish.
Then layer 1/2 of the grated onion, 1/2 of the salt and pepper and 1/2 of each of the cheeses.
Repeat this one more time: macaroni, onion, salt and pepper and cheeses, and then pour the reserved white sauce over all.
Top off with small pats of butter to taste.
Cover and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes.
Melt butter with olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add asparagus spears, and cook, stirring occasionally for about 10 minutes, or to desired firmness.
Drain off excess oil, and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly oil a 9x9 inch square baking pan.
Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute onion, green onions and garlic, until soft and lightly browned.
Stir in spinach and parsley, and continue to saute until spinach is limp, about 2 minutes.
Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
In a medium bowl, mix together eggs, ricotta, and feta.
Stir in spinach mixture.
Lay 1 sheet of phyllo dough in prepared baking pan, and brush lightly with olive oil.
Lay another sheet of phyllo dough on top, brush with olive oil, and repeat process with two more sheets of phyllo.
The sheets will overlap the pan.
Spread spinach and cheese mixture into pan and fold overhanging dough over filling.
Brush with oil, then layer remaining 4 sheets of phyllo dough, brushing each with oil.
Tuck overhanging dough into pan to seal filling.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until golden brown.
Cut into squares and serve while hot.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Roll out crescent rolls onto a large non-stick baking sheet.
Stretch and flatten to form a single rectangular shape on the baking sheet.
Bake 11 to 13 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.
Allow to cool.
Place cream cheese in a medium bowl.
Mix cream cheese with 1/2 of the ranch dressing mix.
Adjust  the amount of dressing mix to taste.
Spread the mixture over the cooled crust.
Arrange carrots, red bell pepper, broccoli and green onions on top.
Chill in the refrigerator approximately 1 hour.
Cut into bite-size squares to serve.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the rice vinegar, oil, peanut butter, soy sauce, brown sugar, ginger, and garlic.
In a large bowl, mix the green cabbage, red cabbage, napa cabbage, red bell peppers, carrots, green onions, and cilantro.
Toss with the peanut butter mixture just before serving.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Stir in the pepper and onion stir fry mix, garlic, and cumin, and cook 5 minutes, until vegetables are tender.
Mix in the tomatoes and chile peppers.
Pour in the broth, and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 30 minutes.
Mix corn into the soup, and continue cooking 5 minutes.
Serve in bowls over equal amounts of tortilla chips.
Top with cheese and avocado.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Line a cookie sheet with foil.
In a large bowl, whisk together mayonnaise and milk until smooth.
Whisk in eggs.
Layer spinach, cheese, and onion in pie shell, making several layers of each.
Pour in egg mixture.
Place quiche on prepared cookie sheet.
Cover quiche with foil.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes.
Remove cover, and bake 10 to 15 minutes, or until top is golden brown and filling is set.
Combine rice and water in a medium saucepan.
Bring to a boil over high heat.
Reduce heat to low, cover with lid, and allow to steam until tender, about 20 minutes.
While rice is cooking, grind peanuts in a blender and set aside.
Heat the margarine in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned golden brown about 10 minutes.
Stir in ginger, carrots, and salt to taste.
Reduce heat to low and cover to steam 5 minutes.
Stir in cayenne pepper and peanuts.
When rice is done, add it to skillet and stir gently to combine with other ingredients.
Garnish with chopped cilantro.
Remove white parts of green onions, and finely chop.
Chop greens into 2 inch pieces.
In a large heavy skillet over medium heat, mix coconut milk, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, brown sugar, curry powder, ginger, and chile paste.
Bring to a boil.
Stir tofu, tomatoes, yellow pepper, mushrooms, and finely chopped green onions into the skillet.
Cover, and cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Mix in basil and bok choy.
Season with salt and remaining soy sauce.
Continue cooking 5 minutes, or until vegetables are tender but crisp.
Garnish with remaining green onion.
Heat oil in a heavy pot or deep fryer to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking powder, salt and sugar.
Beat together egg, milk, and melted shortening; stir into flour mixture.
Mix in the corn kernels.
Drop fritter batter by spoonfuls into the hot oil, and fry until golden.
Drain on paper towels.
In a medium bowl, stir together tomatoes, onion, chili peppers, cilantro, salt, and lime juice.
Chill for one hour in the refrigerator before serving.
Place potatoes in a saucepan, cover with water, and bring to a boil over high heat; simmer until the potatoes are tender.
Drain, and set aside.
Warm oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onion and garlic, and cook until the onions are soft and translucent.
Stir in curry powder, garam masala, ginger, cumin, and salt.
Cook for 1 or 2 minutes, stirring.
Pour in soup, cream, and chickpeas.
Stir in potatoes.
Simmer 5 minutes.
In an electric blender or food processor, puree the chickpeas, red peppers, lemon juice, tahini, garlic, cumin, cayenne, and salt.
Process, using long pulses, until the mixture is fairly smooth, and slightly fluffy.
Make sure to scrape the mixture off the sides of the food processor or blender in between pulses.
Transfer to a serving bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
(The hummus can be made up to 3 days ahead and refrigerated.
Return to room temperature before serving.)
Sprinkle the hummus with the chopped parsley before serving.
Mince garlic in the bowl of a food processor.
Add black beans, 2 tablespoons reserved liquid, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, tahini,  1/2 teaspoon cumin, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; process until smooth, scraping down the sides as needed.
Add additional seasoning and liquid to taste.
Garnish with paprika and Greek olives.
Place carrots in a skillet and pour in just enough water to cover.
Bring to a boil over medium heat; simmer until water has evaporated and the carrots are tender.
Stir in butter, brown sugar, dill, salt, and pepper.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a bowl, toss the beets with 1/2 tablespoon olive oil to coat.
Spread in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and sugar in a large resealable plastic bag.
Place the sweet potatoes and onion in the bag.
Seal bag, and shake to coat vegetables with the oil mixture.
Bake beets 15 minutes in the preheated oven.
Mix sweet potato mixture with the beets on the baking sheet.
Continue baking 45 minutes, stirring after 20 minutes, until all vegetables are tender.
In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine water, 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar, salt and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil.
Bring to a boil and remove from heat.
Stir in flour until mixture forms a ball.
Heat oil for frying in deep-fryer or deep skillet to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Pipe strips of dough into hot oil using a pastry bag.
Fry until golden; drain on paper towels.
Combine 1/2 cup sugar and cinnamon.
Roll drained churros in cinnamon and sugar mixture.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add the quinoa, and toast, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes.
Stir in broth, and bring to a boil.
Reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook for 15 minutes, or until quinoa is tender.
In a bowl, toss quinoa together with garlic, parsley, thyme, salt, and onion.
Sprinkle with lemon juice, and serve.
In a slow cooker, combine corn, cream cheese, butter, milk, and sugar.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Cook on High for 2 to 4 hours, or on Low for 4 to 6 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Coat the bottom of a glass or non-stick baking dish with olive oil, just enough to coat.
Wash and peel the sweet potatoes.
Cut them into medium size pieces.
Place the cut sweet potatoes in the baking dish and turn them so that they are coated with the olive oil.
Sprinkle moderately with oregano, and salt and pepper (to taste).
Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 60 minutes or until soft.
Place green beans and carrots in 1 inch of boiling water.
Cover, and cook until tender but still firm.
Drain.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute onions and mushrooms until almost tender.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 3 minutes.
Stir in green beans, carrots, salt, seasoned salt, garlic salt, and white pepper.
Cover, and cook for 5 minutes over medium heat.
Combine rice and water in a saucepan, and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 35 to 40 minutes, or until tender.
Remove from heat, and cool.
Place black beans and pinto beans into a colander or strainer, and rinse.
Add corn and diced tomatoes with green chilies, and toss to mix.
Transfer to a large bowl, and mix in rice and cheese.
Divide the mixture evenly among the tortillas, and roll up.
Wrap individually in plastic wrap, place into a large freezer bag, and freeze.
Reheat as needed in the microwave for lunch or snacks.
Stir together the ricotta cheese, eggs, Parmesan Cheese, salt, pepper, and garlic powder in a large bowl until evenly combined.
Mix in 1 cup of flour.
Add additional flour if needed to form a soft dough.
Divide the dough into 3 or 4 pieces, and roll into 1/2-inch-thick ropes on a floured surface.
Cut each rope into 1-inch pieces, and place on a lightly floured baking sheet.
Place in the refrigerator until ready to use.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in garlic, and cook until softened and fragrant, about 1 minute.
Pour in diced tomatoes and red pepper flakes; bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, and cook for 10 minutes.
Stir in shredded basil and season to taste with salt and pepper.
While sauce is simmering, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat.
Boil the gnocchi until they float to the surface, 1 to 2 minutes, then drain.
To assemble the dish, stir the cubed mozzarella cheese into the sauce and allow the heat of the sauce to soften, but not melt the cheese.
Place gnocchi into a serving bowl, and spoon sauce overtop.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a blender or food processor, place artichoke hearts, Romano cheese, Parmesan cheese and garlic .
Pulse until chopped, but not ground.
Set aside.
In a medium bowl, mix together spinach, heavy cream, sour cream and mozzarella cheese.
Stir in artichoke mixture.
Spoon into prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until cheese is melted and bubbly.
In a small bowl, mix together balsamic vinegar, oil, salt, sugar, black pepper, cumin, and chili powder.
In a medium bowl, stir together black beans and corn.
Toss with vinegar and oil dressing, and garnish with cilantro.
Cover, and refrigerate overnight.
In a medium bowl, combine garbanzo beans, mayonnaise, mustard, relish, chopped green onions, salt and pepper.
Mix well.
Mix flour, sugar and butter into crumb stage.
Place one crust in the bottom of a 9 inch pie plate.
Line the shell with some sliced peaches.
Sprinkle some of the butter mixture on top of the peaches, then put more peaches on top of the the crumb mixture.
Continue layering until both the peaches and crumbs are gone.
Top with lattice strips of pie crust.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes, or until crust is golden.
Allow pie to cool before slicing.
Best when eaten fresh.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Place potatoes in a large pot of lightly salted water.
Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.
Drain, and mash.
In a large bowl, mix mashed potatoes, cream cheese, sour cream, milk, onion salt, and pepper.
Transfer to a large casserole dish.
Cover, and bake for 50 minutes in the preheated oven.
Cut the avocados into halves.
Remove the seeds, and scoop out the pulp into a small bowl.
Use a fork to mash the avocado.
Stir in lemon juice, onion, salt, and olive oil.
Cover the bowl, and refrigerate for 1 hour before serving.
Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat, and fry onions until tender.
Stir in garlic, ginger, cloves, cinnamon, cumin, coriander, salt, cayenne, and turmeric.
Cook for 1 minute over medium heat, stirring constantly.
Mix in garbanzo beans and their liquid.
Continue to cook and stir until all ingredients are well blended and heated through.
Remove from heat.
Stir in cilantro just before serving, reserving 1 tablespoon for garnish.
Place asparagus and onion in a saucepan with 1/2 cup vegetable broth.
Bring the broth to a boil, reduce heat and let simmer until the vegetables are tender.
Reserve a few asparagus tips for garnish.
Place remaining vegetable mixture in an electric blender and puree until smooth.
Melt butter in the pan that was used for simmering the asparagus and onions.
Stir while sprinkling flour, salt, and pepper into the butter.
Do not let the flour brown.
Allow the mixture to cook only 2 minutes.
Stir in remaining 1 1/4 cups vegetable broth and increase the heat.
Continue stirring until the mixture comes to a boil.
Stir the vegetable puree and milk into the saucepan.
Whisk yogurt into the mixture, followed by lemon juice.
Stir until heated through, then ladle into bowls.
Garnish with reserved asparagus tips.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese if desired.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onions, carrots, and garlic until tender.
Stir in green pepper, red pepper, celery, and chili powder.
Cook until vegetables are tender, about 6 minutes.
Stir in mushrooms, and cook 4 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes, kidney beans, and corn.
Season with cumin, oregano, and basil.
Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to medium.
Cover, and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, blend the cream cheese and sour cream.
Mix in the refried beans, taco seasoning, hot pepper sauce, parsley, green onions, 1/2 the Cheddar cheese and 1/2 the Monterey Jack cheese.
Transfer the mixture to an 8x12 inch baking dish.
Top with remaining Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses.
Bake in the preheated oven 20 to 30 minutes, until cheese is slightly browned.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (250 degrees C).
Place potatoes in a large roasting pan and toss with oil, salt, pepper, and rosemary until evenly coated.
Spread out potatoes in a single layer.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Serve immediately.
Cook manicotti in boiling water until done.
Drain, and rinse with cold water.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine ricotta, mozzarella, and 1/2 cup Parmesan, eggs, parsley, and salt and pepper.
Mix well.
Pour 1/2 cup sauce into an 11x17 inch baking dish.
Fill each manicotti shell with 3 tablespoons cheese mixture, and arrange over sauce .
Pour remaining sauce over top, and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese.
Bake 45 minutes, or until bubbly.
In a blender or food processor combine garbanzo beans, garlic, cumin, salt and olive oil.
Blend on low speed, gradually adding reserved bean liquid, until desired consistency is achieved.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add lasagna noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a skillet over medium-high heat, cook mushrooms, onions, and garlic in olive oil until onions are tender.
Drain excess liquid and cool.
Boil spinach for 5 minutes.
Drain, then squeeze out excess liquid.
Chop spinach.
Combine ricotta cheese, Romano cheese, spinach, salt, oregano, basil, pepper, and egg in a bowl.
Add cooled mushroom mixture.
Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 1 minute.
Lay 5 lasagna noodles in bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Spread one third of the cheese/spinach mixture over noodles.
Sprinkle 1 cup mozzarella cheese and 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese on top.
Spread 1 cup pasta sauce over cheese.
Repeat layering 2 times.
Cover dish with aluminum foil and bake in a preheated oven for 1 hour.
Cool 15 minutes before serving.
Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat.
Increase heat to medium, and stir in spaghetti, cooking until coated with the melted butter and lightly browned.
Stir onion and garlic into the saucepan, and cook about 2 minutes, until tender.
Stir in jasmine rice, and cook about 5 minutes.
Pour in vegetable broth.
Season mixture with salt and pepper.
Bring the mixture to a boil, cover, and cook 20 minutes, until rice is tender and liquid has been absorbed.
Place asparagus in a separate medium saucepan with enough water to cover.
Bring to a boil, and cook until tender but firm.
Mix asparagus and cashew halves into the rice mixture, and serve warm.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place garlic cloves in a small baking dish.
Drizzle with olive oil, cover, and bake 45 minutes, or until golden brown.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil.
Add potatoes, and cook until tender but firm.
Drain, and transfer to a large mixing bowl.
Place roasted garlic, milk, Parmesan cheese, and butter into the bowl with the potatoes.
Season with salt and pepper.
Beat to desired consistency with an electric mixer.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 2 quart casserole dish.
In a large bowl mix together the zucchini, onion, eggs, muffin mix, salt and pepper.
Stir in 4 ounces of the cheese.
Spread this mixture into a greased 2 quart casserole dish;  top with remaining 4 ounces of cheese.
Bake in a preheated oven for 60 minutes.
In a small saucepan, bring the broth to a boil.
Remove from heat.
Place the sun-dried tomatoes in the broth 15 minutes, or until softened.
Drain, reserving broth, and coarsely chop.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place penne pasta in the pot, cook 9 to 12 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Place the pine nuts in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir until lightly toasted.
Heat the olive oil and red pepper flakes in a skillet over medium heat, and saute the garlic 1 minute, until tender.
Mix in the spinach, and cook until almost wilted.
Pour in the reserved broth, and stir in the chopped sun-dried tomatoes.
Continue cooking 2 minutes, or until heated through.
In a large bowl, toss the cooked pasta with the spinach and tomato mixture and pine nuts.
Serve with Parmesan cheese.
In a large bowl, blend cornstarch, garlic, 1 teaspoon ginger, and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil until cornstarch is dissolved.
Mix in broccoli, snow peas, carrots, and green beans, tossing to lightly coat.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat.
Cook vegetables in oil for 2 minutes, stirring constantly to prevent burning.
Stir in soy sauce and water.
Mix in onion, salt, and remaining 1 teaspoon ginger.
Cook until vegetables are tender but still crisp.
Preheat grill for medium heat.
For each packet, measure out 2 or 3 squares of aluminum foil large enough to easily wrap the vegetables, and layer one on top of the other.
Place some of the potatoes and onion in the center, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and dot with butter.
Wrap into a flattened square, and seal the edges.
Repeat with remaining potatoes and onion.
Place aluminum wrapped package over indirect heat, and cover.
Cook for approximately 30 minutes, turning once.
Serve hot off the grill.
In shallow salad bowl, or on serving platter, combine tomatoes, cucumber, and onion.
Sprinkle with oil,  lemon juice, oregano, and salt and pepper to taste.
Sprinkle feta cheese and olives over salad.
Serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine ricotta, spinach, onion and egg.
Season with parsley, pepper and garlic powder.
Mix in 1 cup mozzarella and 1/4 cup Parmesan.
In a separate bowl, stir together spaghetti sauce and water.
Spread 1 cup sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Stuff uncooked manicotti shells with ricotta mixture, and arrange in a single layer in the dish.
Cover with remaining sauce.
Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 to 55 minutes, or until noodles are soft.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking sheet.
In a large bowl, mix olive oil and paprika.
Add potato sticks, and stir by hand to coat.
Place on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake 40 minutes in the preheated oven.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and stir in flour.
Pour in the milk and stir until the mixture thickens.
Stirring constantly, mix in cheese and salt.
Continue to cook and stir until cheese has melted and all ingredients are well blended, about 15 minutes.
Place red potatoes, yellow potatoes, jalapeno pepper, carrots and garlic cloves in a large pot.
Cover with water, and bring to a boil over high heat.
Cook 15 to 20 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.
Drain water from pot.
Stir in corn and butter.
Mash the mixture with a potato masher until butter is melted and potatoes have reached desired consistency.
Mix in cheese, salt, and pepper.
Serve hot.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
In a plastic bag, combine the sweet potatoes, canola oil, taco seasoning, and cayenne pepper.
Close and shake the bag until the fries are evenly coated.
Spread the fries out in a single layer on  two large baking sheets.
Bake for 30 minutes, or until crispy and brown on one side.
Turn the fries over using a spatula, and cook for another 30 minutes, or until they are all crispy on the outside and tender inside.
Thinner fries may not take as long.
In a medium bowl, mix together eggs, sugar, and onion.
Blend in flour and cornmeal.
Heat 2 inches of oil to 365 degrees F (185 degrees C).
Drop batter by rounded teaspoonfuls in hot oil, and fry until golden brown.
Cook in small batches to maintain oil temperature.
Drain briefly on paper towels.
Serve hot.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly butter a 9x9-inch pan.
In a large bowl, combine Cheddar, Parmesan, oregano, basil, and garlic.
Season with salt and pepper, and set aside.
Arrange half of the zucchini slices in the pan.
Sprinkle 1/4 of the cheese and herb mixture on top.
Arrange half of the tomatoes, and top with another 1/4 of the cheese mixture.
Repeat layers.
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onions, and cook until soft and translucent.
Stir in breadcrumbs; cook until they have absorbed the butter.
Sprinkle on top of casserole.
Cover loosely with foil, and bake in a preheated oven for 25 minutes.
Remove foil, and bake until the top is crusty and the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add egg noodles, and cook until al dente, about 7 minutes.
Remove from heat, drain, and set aside.
At the same time, melt butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat.
Add onion, and cook, stirring until softened.
Turn the heat up to medium-high, and add sliced mushrooms.
Cook until the mushrooms are limp and browned.
Remove to a bowl, and set aside.
In the same skillet, stir in vegetable broth, being sure to stir in any browned bits off the bottom of the pan.
Bring to a boil, and cook until the mixture has reduced by 1/3.
Reduce heat to low, and return the mushrooms and onion to the skillet.
Remove the pan from the heat, stir together the sour cream and flour; then blend into the mushrooms.
Return the skillet to the burner, and continue cooking over low heat, just until the sauce thickens.
Stir in the parsley, and season to taste with salt and pepper.
Serve over cooked egg noodles.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, combine tomatoes, onion, olive oil, oregano, basil and parsley.
Place bread on a baking sheet, and top with tomato mixture.
Sprinkle with Parmesan.
Bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until bottom of bread is browned.
Allow to cool 5 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Place asparagus on a baking sheet.
Drizzle with olive oil, and toss to coat.
Arrange asparagus spears in a single layer.
Spread Parmesan cheese over asparagus, and season with freshly ground black pepper.
Bake 12 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until cheese is melted and asparagus is tender but crisp.
Serve immediately on warm plates, sprinkling with balsamic vinegar to taste.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Arrange one layer of potatoes in the bottom of the prepared baking dish.
Sprinkle the potatoes with salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons flour, and 2 tablespoons butter.
Repeat layering 2 more times, until all of potatoes have been used.
Slowly pour milk over the potatoes until the dish is 3/4 full of milk.
Bake until the milk comes to a boil (check after 15 minutes), then reduce heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) and bake until potatoes are tender, 45 to 60 minutes more.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Drain artichoke hearts, reserving liquid.
In large bowl combine pasta, artichoke hearts, tomato, cucumber, onion, feta, olives, parsley, lemon juice, oregano and lemon pepper.
Toss and chill for 1 hour in refrigerator.
Just before serving, drizzle reserved artichoke marinade over salad.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9 x 13 inch baking dish.
Mix together corn, sour cream, eggs, melted butter or margarine, and sugar.
Mix in muffin mix.
Pour into prepared baking dish.
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until a knife inserted midway into pan comes out clean.
In a large mixing bowl, combine crushed cookies and cream cheese to form a stiff dough.
Roll into balls and dip with a fork in melted candy coating.
Let rest on waxed paper until set.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water.
Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes.
In a large bowl combine flour, wheat germ and salt.
Make a well in the middle and add honey and yeast mixture.
Stir well to combine.
Cover and set in a warm place to rise for a few minutes.
Roll dough on a floured pizza pan and poke a few holes in it with a fork.
Bake in preheated oven for 5 to 10 minutes, or until desired crispiness is achieved.
In a medium bowl, mix tomatoes, dried basil, Parmesan cheese, olive oil, garlic, seasoning salt and ground black pepper.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator 8 hours, or overnight, before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over medium-high heat.
Saute onion until golden.
In a 2 quart casserole dish, mix together onion, broccoli, soup, cheese, mayonnaise, eggs, garlic salt, pepper, seasoned salt, and lemon juice.
Sprinkle crushed crackers over top and dot with remaining 2 tablespoons butter.
Bake uncovered in preheated oven for 45 minutes, until heated through and browned on top.
To make marinara sauce, heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat (see Cook's Note).
Add garlic, basil and red pepper flakes; cook and stir for a minute or two until fragrant.
Stir in sugar, vinegar, salt, and pepper.
Pour in tomatoes with their juices and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes.
Remove from heat and puree until smooth in food processor or blender.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook the zucchini in butter until browned and slightly tender.
Season with red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper.
Spoon a generous amount of the zucchini mixture into each sandwich roll.
Cover zucchini with about 1/4 cup marinara sauce per roll.
Top with a handful of shredded mozzarella.
Close the rolls, and wrap individually in aluminum foil.
Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until bread is heated through, rolls are soft, and cheese is melted.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add penne pasta and cook until tender yet firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes; drain.
Toss squash, zucchini, carrot, red bell pepper, tomatoes, green beans, and asparagus together in a bowl with 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, pepper, lemon juice, and Italian seasoning.
Arrange vegetables on the lined baking sheet.
Roast vegetables in preheated oven until tender, about 15 minutes.
Heat remaining olive oil and butter in a large skillet.
Cook onion and garlic in hot oil until tender, 5 to 7 minutes.
Mix cooked pasta, lemon zest, basil, parsley, and balsamic vinegar into the onion mixture.
Gently toss and cook until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes.
Remove from heat and transfer to a large bowl.
Toss with roasted vegetables and sprinkle with Romano cheese.
In a large Dutch oven place sweet potato, eggplant, peppers, carrots, onion, and three tablespoons oil.
Saute over medium heat for 5 minutes.
In a medium saucepan place 3 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, turmeric, curry powder, cinnamon, salt and pepper and saute over medium heat for 3 minutes.
Pour garlic and spice mixture into the Dutch oven with vegetables in it.
Add the garbanzo beans, almonds, zucchini, raisins, and orange juice.
Simmer 20 minutes, covered.
Add spinach to pot and cook for 5 more minutes.
Serve!
Heat the olive oil in a large soup pot; cook the onion and garlic until soft.
Stir in the kale and cook until wilted, about 2 minutes.
Stir in the water, vegetable bouillon, tomatoes, potatoes, beans, Italian seasoning, and parsley.
Simmer soup on medium heat for 25 minutes, or until potatoes are cooked through.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente.
Meanwhile, combine tomatoes and beans in a large non-stick skillet.
Bring to a boil over medium high heat.
Reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes.
Add spinach to the sauce; cook for 2 minutes or until spinach wilts, stirring constantly.
Serve sauce over pasta, and sprinkle with feta.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Spray a baking sheet with a thin layer of cooking spray.
Place squash halves cut side down on the baking sheet.
Bake squash 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife can be easily inserted.
Remove from oven, and cool.
Meanwhile, spray a non-stick saucepan with cooking spray.
Over medium heat, saute the onion and garlic until golden brown.
Stir in tomatoes, basil, bouillon cube, and black pepper.
Cook for about 15 minutes, or until you have a medium thick sauce.
Remove squash strands with a fork, reserving the shells.
Layer each half with a spoonful of the sauce, a layer of spaghetti squash strands, olives, and mozzarella cheese.
Repeat layers until shells are full, or until all of the ingredients are used.
Top with Parmesan cheese.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until Parmesan cheese melts.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 2-quart baking dish.
In a large pot of salted water, lightly boil the macaroni for about 5 minutes until half-cooked.
Whisk the egg and milk together in a large cup.
Add butter and cheese to the egg and milk.
Stir well.
Place the lightly cooked macaroni in the prepared baking dish.
Pour the egg and cheese liquid over the macaroni, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and stir well.
Press the mixture evenly around the baking dish.
Bake uncovered, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the top is brown.
Preheat oven to broil.
In a shallow bowl, whisk together the olive oil and vinegar.
Marinate the tomatoes in the mixture, stirring occasionally.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, parsley, oregano, black pepper and 4 teaspoons Parmesan cheese.
Spread mixture on each slice of toasted bread.
Place marinated tomatoes on 2 slices and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese.
Place on a baking sheet and broil for 5 minutes, or until cheese turns golden brown.
Serve immediately, open faced or closed.
Place lentils in a large saucepan; add enough water to cover by 1 inch.
Bring water to a boil and cook until tender, about 10 minutes; drain.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add garlic, onion, and carrot; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Pour in lentils, 1 quart water, oregano, rosemary, and bay leaves.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir in tomato paste and season with salt and pepper.
Cover and simmer until the lentils have softened, 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add additional water if the soup becomes too thick.
Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil and red wine vinegar to taste.
Butter a cookie sheet.
Combine sugar and corn syrup in a 2 quart glass bowl and microwave on high 4 minutes.
Stir in peanuts and microwave on high 3 1/2 minutes more, then stir in butter and vanilla and microwave for 1 1/2 minutes.
Stir in baking soda until light and foamy.
Pour onto cookie sheet and spread thin.
Cool completely and break into pieces and serve.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Put butternut squash in the microwave and cook on high, until soft, 2 to 3 minutes.
Cut in half, scoop out seeds and cube.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
Add squash and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.
Drain and mash.
In a 9x13 inch casserole dish combine 3 cups mashed butternut squash, white sugar, milk, vanilla extract, salt, flour, eggs and 1/4 cup melted margarine.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until set.
In a medium bowl, combine crushed vanilla wafers, 1/2 cup melted margarine and brown sugar.
Crumble over top of cooked casserole and return to oven to brown.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate.
Peel back corn husks and remove silk.
Place 1 tablespoon butter, salt and pepper on each piece of corn.
Close husks.
Wrap each ear of corn tightly in aluminum foil.
Place on the prepared grill.
Cook approximately 30 minutes, turning occasionally, until corn is tender.
In large pot saute; the onions, garlic, and ginger in a little olive oil for about 5 minutes.
Add the water, lentils, chick peas, white kidney beans, diced tomatoes, carrots, celery, garam masala, cardamom, cayenne pepper and cumin.
Bring to a boil for a few minutes then simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hours or longer, until the lentils are soft.
Puree half the soup in a food processor or blender.
Return the pureed soup to the pot, stir and enjoy!
Sprinkle both sides of the eggplant slices with salt.
Place slices in a colander, and place a dish underneath the colander to capture liquid that will sweat out of the eggplant.
Allow to sit for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, mix the ricotta, mozzarella cheese and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.
Mix in egg and basil.
Rinse the eggplant in cold water until all salt is removed.
In a large skillet, heat 4 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat.
Place one layer of eggplant in the pan, brown each side.
Repeat with remaining eggplant slices, using additional oil if necessary.
In a 9x13 inch baking dish, evenly spread 1 1/2 cups of spaghetti sauce.
Arrange a single layer of  eggplant slices on top of the sauce.
Top the eggplant with 1/2 of the cheese mixture.
Repeat layering process until all the eggplant and cheese mixture is used.
Pour remaining sauce on top of layers, and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese.
Bake 30 to 45 minutes in the preheated oven, until sauce is bubbly.
In a bowl, stir together flour, chili powder, red pepper, onion, garlic, sugar, cumin, parsley, salt, basil and pepper.
Store in an airtight container.
Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water until done.
Drain.
Meanwhile, combine oil and onions in a small skillet.
Saute over low heat until tender.
Add ginger; cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes.
Mix in peanut butter, soy sauce, water, vinegar, sugar, and red pepper flakes.
Remove from heat.
Toss noodles with sauce, and serve.
Combine green beans and 1/2 cup water in a medium pot.
Cover, and bring to boil.
Reduce heat to medium, and let beans cook for 10 minutes, or until tender.
Drain well.
Place beans in a medium serving bowl, and mix in bread crumbs, olive oil, salt, pepper, garlic powder, oregano and  basil.
Toss mixture until the beans are coated.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, and serve.
Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in the spinach and artichoke hearts.
Cook until tender, about 5 minutes.
Mix cream cheese and sour cream into the spinach mixture.
Stir in Parmesan cheese and garlic salt.
Cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes.
Serve warm.
Mix together the tomato paste, water, and olive oil.
Mix well.
Add garlic, salt and pepper to taste, oregano, basil, and rosemary.
Mix well and let stand several hours to let flavors blend.
No cooking necessary, just spread on dough.
Place eggplant in a microwave safe bowl and microwave on medium-high 3 minutes.
Turn eggplant over and microwave another 2 minutes.
The eggplant should be tender, cook another 2 minutes if the eggplants are not tender.
Drain any liquid from the eggplants and mash.
Combine cheese, bread crumbs, eggs, parsley, onion, garlic and salt with the mashed eggplant.
Mix well.
Shape the eggplant mixture into patties.
Heat oil in a large skillet.
Drop eggplant patties one at a time into skillet.
Fry each side of the patties until golden brown, approximately 5 minutes on each side.
Patties can be frozen before frying and cooked later.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a medium baking dish, mix together salsa, chopped spinach, Monterey Jack cheese, cream cheese, evaporated milk, black olives, red wine vinegar, salt and pepper.
Bake mixture in the preheated oven 12 to 15 minutes, or until bubbly.
Place carrots in a shallow saucepan, and cover with water.
Boil until tender.
Drain, and return carrots to pan.
Pour orange juice over carrots, and mix well.
Simmer over medium heat for about 5 minutes.
Stir in brown sugar, butter, and salt.
Heat until butter and sugar melt.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large pot over medium heat saute spinach, onion, oregano, basil and garlic in the olive oil.
Pour in spaghetti sauce and water; simmer 20 minutes.
In a large bowl mix cottage cheese, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt, pepper and egg.
Place a small amount of sauce in the bottom of a lasagna pan.
Place 4 uncooked noodles on top of sauce and top with layer of sauce.
Add 4 more noodles and layer with 1/2 sauce and 1/2 cheese mixture, noodles and repeat until all is layered, finishing with sauce.
Cover with foil and bake in a preheated oven for 55 minutes.
Remove foil and bake another 15 minutes.
Let sit 10 minutes before serving.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add manicotti and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a bowl, mix 3 cups mozzarella cheese, ricotta cheese, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, garlic, egg, and basil.
Stuff cooked manicotti with the mixture.
Spread about 2 cups pasta sauce over the bottom of the prepared baking dish.
Arrange stuffed manicotti in the dish, and cover with remaining sauce.
Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella cheese.
Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven.
Sprinkle with remaining Parmesan, and continue baking 10 minutes, until mozzarella is melted and bubbly.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Add red potatoes, and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes.
Drain, cool and chop into 1 inch cubes.
Place in a medium bowl.
Place eggs in a medium saucepan, and cover with cold water.
Bring water to a boil, and immediately remove from heat.
Cover, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes.
Remove from hot water, cool, peel and dice.
In a small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, milk, distilled white vinegar, green onions, salt and pepper.
Pour the mixture over the potatoes, and mix together with the eggs and celery.
Cover, and chill in the refrigerator approximately 2 hours before serving.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Arrange walnuts in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Toast in oven for 5 minutes, or until nuts begin to brown.
In a large bowl, toss together the spinach, walnuts, cranberries, blue cheese, tomatoes, avocado, and red onion.
In a small bowl, whisk together jam, vinegar, walnut oil, pepper, and salt.
Pour over the salad just before serving, and toss to coat.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Mix together melted butter and oil, then pour into a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Place the potatoes into the dish, and stir until coated.
Sprinkle with rosemary, salt, and pepper.
Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender.
Stir the potatoes occasionally to ensure even cooking.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Peel potatoes and add to pot.
Cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes.
Drain, cool and mash with a fork or potato masher.
Combine 1 cup mashed potato, flour and egg in a large bowl.
Knead until dough forms a ball.
Shape small portions of the dough into long "snakes".
On a floured surface, cut snakes into half-inch pieces.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Drop in gnocchi and cook for 3 to 5 minutes or until gnocchi have risen to the top; drain and serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta in boiling water until done; drain.
Return pasta to the pot.
Mix in olive oil, garlic, tomatoes, feta, and Parmesan cheese.
Stir in cilantro and season with salt and pepper.
Serve warm.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Butter a 2 quart baking dish.
Place the sweet potatoes and their liquid in a medium saucepan, and bring to a boil.
Cook 15 minutes, or until tender.
Remove from heat, drain, and mash.
In a medium bowl, mix the mashed sweet potatoes, white sugar, eggs, 1/3 cup butter, milk, and vanilla extract.
Spread evenly into the prepared baking dish.
In a separate bowl, mix the brown sugar, chopped pecans, flour, and 1/3 cup melted butter.
Sprinkle over the sweet potato mixture.
Bake 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean.
In a medium sized bowl, combine flour and salt.
Make a well in the flour, add the slightly beaten egg, and mix.
Mixture should form a stiff dough.
If needed, stir in 1 to 2 tablespoons water.
On a lightly floured surface, knead dough for about 3 to 4 minutes.
With a pasta machine or by hand roll dough out to desired thinness.
Use machine or knife to cut into strips of desired width.
In a large bowl, combine cabbage, onion, carrots, and celery.
Sprinkle with 1 cup sugar, and mix well.
In a small saucepan, combine vinegar, oil, salt, dry mustard, and pepper.
Bring to a boil.
Pour hot dressing over cabbage mixture, and mix well.
In a medium bowl, combine tomato, onion, jalapeno pepper (to taste,) cilantro and green onion.
Season with garlic powder, salt and pepper.
Stir until evenly distributed.
Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Cook pasta in large pot of boiling water until al dente.
Rinse under cold water, and drain.
Mix chopped carrots, celery, cucumber, green pepper, tomatoes, and onion together in large bowl.
Combine cooled pasta and vegetables together in large bowl.
Pour Italian dressing over mixture, add Parmesan cheese and mix well.
Chill for one hour before serving.
Bring the quinoa and 1 1/3 cup water to a boil in a saucepan.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, and the water has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes.
Set aside to cool.
Place kale in a steamer basket over 1 inch of boiling water in a saucepan.
Cover saucepan with a lid and steam kale until hot, about 45 seconds; transfer to a large plate.
Top kale with quinoa, avocado, cucumber, bell pepper, red onion, and feta cheese.
Whisk olive oil, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, sea salt, and black pepper together in a bowl until the oil emulsifies into the dressing; pour over the salad.
Combine the beans, cucumbers, tomatoes, red onion, garlic, olives, cheese, salad dressing, lemon juice, garlic salt and pepper.
Toss together and refrigerate 2 hours before serving.
Serve chilled.
In a large bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, cream and vanilla.
Dip bread slices into egg mixture and place in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking pan.
Refrigerate overnight.
The next morning: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a small bowl, combine butter, sugar, maple syrup and pecans.
Spoon mixture over bread.
Bake in preheated oven until golden, about 40 minutes.
Let stand 5 minutes before serving.
In a medium bowl, blend cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until smooth.
Gradually mix in the pumpkin.
Stir in the cinnamon, pumpkin pie spice, and orange juice until smooth and well blended.
Chill until serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C); spray a 2 1/2-quart baking dish with cooking spray.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir the garlic, onion, and eggplant with the garlic until the vegetables have begun to soften, about 8 minutes.
Stir in the zucchini, bell pepper, tomatoes, basil, parsley, salt, and black pepper; bring the mixture to a boil, stirring frequently.
Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.
Cook the frozen ravioli as directed on the package; drain.
Spread the cooked ravioli in a layer into the bottom of the prepared baking dish; spoon the hot vegetables over the ravioli.
Sprinkle with the cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until the casserole is bubbling and the cheese is melted, about 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking sheet.
Place eggplant on baking sheet, and make holes in the skin with a fork.
Roast it for 30 to 40 minutes, turning occasionally, or until soft.
Remove from oven, and place into a large bowl of cold water.
Remove from water, and peel skin off.
Place eggplant, lemon juice, tahini, sesame seeds, and garlic in an electric blender, and puree.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Transfer eggplant mixture to a medium size mixing bowl, and slowly mix in olive oil.
Refrigerate for 3 hours before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a medium casserole dish.
Cook spinach according to package directions.
Place potatoes in a pot with enough water to cover, and bring to a boil.
Cook 15 minutes, or until tender but firm.
Drain, cool slightly, and mash.
In a bowl, mix the spinach, mashed potatoes, butter, sour cream, onion, salt, and dill.
Transfer to the prepared casserole dish.
Top with Cheddar cheese.
Bake 20 minutes in the preheated oven, until bubbly and lightly brown.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Blot chickpeas with a paper towel to dry them.
In a bowl, toss chickpeas with olive oil, and season to taste with salt, garlic salt, and cayenne pepper, if using.
Spread on a baking sheet, and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, until browned and crunchy.
Watch carefully the last few minutes to avoid burning.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spray a jellyroll pan with non-stick cooking spray.
Pat crescent roll dough into a jellyroll pan.
Let stand 5 minutes.
Pierce with fork.
Bake for 10 minutes, let cool.
In a medium-sized mixing bowl, combine sour cream, cream cheese, dill weed, garlic salt and ranch dip mix.
Spread this mixture on top of the cooled crust.
Arrange the onion, carrot, celery, broccoli, radish, bell pepper and broccoli on top of the creamed mixture.
Cover and let chill.
Once chilled, cut it into squares and serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a small saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and mix with garlic powder and dried parsley.
Place Italian bread on a medium baking sheet.
Using a basting brush, brush generously with the butter mixture.
Bake in the preheated oven approximately 10 minutes, until lightly toasted.
Remove from heat.
Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese and any remaining butter mixture.
Return to oven approximately 5 minutes, or until cheese is melted and bread is lightly browned.
Place potato flakes in a medium-size bowl.
Pour in boiling water; stir until blended.
Let cool.
Stir in egg, salt, and pepper.
Blend in enough flour to make a fairly stiff dough.
Turn dough out on a well floured board.
Knead lightly.
Divide dough in half.
Shape each half into a long thin roll, the thickness of a breadstick.
With a knife dipped in flour, cut into bite-size pieces.
Place a few gnocchi in boiling water.
As the gnocchi rise to the top of the pot, remove them with a slotted spoon.
Repeat until all are cooked.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Place eggplant on a medium baking sheet.
Bake 20 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until tender.
Remove from heat, cool, peel, and chop.
Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Mix in cumin seeds and onion.
Cook and stir until onion is tender.
Mix ginger garlic paste, curry powder, and tomato into the saucepan, and cook about 1 minute.
Stir in yogurt.
Mix in eggplant and jalapeno pepper, and season with salt.
Cover, and cook 10 minutes over high heat.
Remove cover, reduce heat to low, and continue cooking about 5 minutes.
Garnish with cilantro to serve.
In a large nonstick pan, cook red pepper, zucchini, yellow squash, onion, and mushrooms in olive oil over medium to medium-high heat for about 7 minutes, or until just tender.
Remove vegetables from pan.
Coat the same pan with cooking spray, and place one tortilla in pan.
Sprinkle 1/4 cup of cheese evenly over tortilla, and layer 3/4 cup of the vegetable mixture over the cheese.
Sprinkle another 1/8 cup of cheese on the vegetables, and top with a second tortilla.
Cook until golden on both sides, for approximately 2 to 3 minutes per side.
Remove quesadilla from pan, and repeat with remaining ingredients.
Cut each quesadilla into 8 triangles with a pizza cutter.
Serve hot.
In a medium bowl, mix mango, red bell pepper, green onion, cilantro, jalapeno, lime juice, and lemon juice.
Cover, and allow to sit at least 30 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to broil.
In a medium bowl combine butter, mayonnaise, sage, garlic, oregano, salt and pepper.
Spread mixture evenly on bread and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Place bread under broil for 5 minutes, or until lightly toasted.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Place macaroni in a 2 quart casserole dish.
Stir in cheese soup and milk until well combined.
Sprinkle with shredded Colby.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes, or until cheese is brown and bubbly.
In a large bowl, combine the black beans, corn, green onions, jalapeno peppers, bell pepper, avocado, pimentos, tomatoes, cilantro, lime juice, and Italian dressing.
Season with garlic salt.
Toss, and chill until serving.
Combine milk and egg in a small bowl.
Place breadcrumbs and if desired, salt in a shallow bowl.
Dip ravioli in milk mixture, and coat with breadcrumbs.
In a large saucepan, heat marinara sauce over medium heat until bubbling.
Reduce the heat to simmer.
In a large heavy pan, pour oil to depth of 2 inches.
Heat oil over medium heat until a small amount of breading sizzles and turns brown.
Fry ravioli, a few at a time, 1 minute on each side or until golden.
Drain on paper towels.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and serve immediately with hot marinara sauce.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan or soup pot over medium heat.
Add the leeks and garlic; saute until tender, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the chicken broth, cannellini beans, bay leaves and cumin.
Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low, and stir in the couscous.
Cover, and simmer for 5 minutes.
Stir in spinach and season with salt and pepper.
Serve immediately.
Wet a paper towel, and wring out.
Wrap the ear of corn in the moist towel, and place on a dinner plate.
Cook in the microwave for 5 minutes.
Carefully remove paper towel, and enjoy!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook broccoli in the boiling water for 1 minute.
Drain, and set aside.
In a saucepan over medium heat, mix the cheese, cream of mushroom soup, salt, and pepper.
Stir until cheese is melted.
Add the broccoli, stirring to coat.
Transfer the mixture to a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a separate saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat.
Mix in the croutons, and sprinkle over the broccoli mixture.
Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until the topping is browned and broccoli is tender.
In a medium bowl, mash butter beans.
Mix in onion, jalapeno pepper, crushed crackers, egg, cheese, garlic powder, salt, and pepper.
Divide into 4 equal parts, and shape into patties.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; use more or less oil to reach 1/4 inch in depth.
Fry patties until golden, about 5 minutes on each side.
Heat oil in a large stock pot over medium high heat.
Cook onions and bell peppers until lightly browned and tender, stirring in garlic when almost done to prevent burning.
Stir in tomatoes, vegetable stock, pepper, and chili powder.
Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes.
Stir in rice, cover, and simmer another fifteen minutes or until rice is tender.
Stir in peanut butter until well blended, and serve.
In a large bowl, stir together the mayonnaise, sugar, vinegar, dill, and seasoned salt.
Mix in the cucumber slices, tossing to coat.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Arrange squash halves cut side down on a baking sheet.
Bake 30 minutes, or until tender.
Dissolve the sugar in the melted butter.
Brush squash with the butter mixture, and keep squash warm while preparing the stuffing.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the garlic, celery, and carrots, and cook 5 minutes.
Mix in the garbanzo beans and raisins.
Season with cumin, salt, and pepper, and continue to cook and stir until vegetables are tender.
Pour the chicken broth into the skillet, and mix in the couscous.
Cover skillet, and turn off heat.
Allow couscous to absorb liquid for 5 minutes.
Stuff squash halves with the skillet mixture to serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a medium baking sheet.
In a medium bowl, mix together cream cheese, sharp Cheddar cheese and mayonnaise.
Stuff jalapeno halves with the mixture.
Whisk together eggs and milk in a small bowl.
Place crushed corn flake cereal in a separate small bowl.
Dip each stuffed jalapeno half into the egg and milk mixture, then roll in corn flake cereal to coat.
Arrange in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, or until filling is bubbly and lightly browned.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly spray a non-stick baking sheet with oil.
Slice tofu into 1/2-inch slices, and gently press excess water out of tofu.
Cut sliced tofu into 1/2-inch cubes.
In a bowl, stir together the soy sauce, maple syrup, ketchup, vinegar, and hot sauce.
Stir in sesame seeds, garlic powder, black pepper, and liquid smoke.
Gently stir tofu cubes into sauce.
Cover, and marinate at least 5 minutes.
Place the tofu on the baking sheet in a single layer.
Bake in a preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Turn tofu, and bake until the tofu turns golden brown, about 15 minutes more.
Bring the quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, and the water has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes; set aside.
Meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Stir in the onion, and cook until the onion softens and turns translucent, about 5 minutes.
Add the garlic, chili powder, and cumin; cook and stir 1 minute to release the flavors.
Stir in the tomatoes, black beans, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, zucchini, jalapeno pepper, chipotle pepper, and oregano.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Bring to a simmer over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer 20 minutes.
After 20 minutes, stir in the reserved quinoa and corn.
Cook to reheat the corn for 5 minutes.
Remove from the heat, and stir in the cilantro to serve.
Clean mushrooms and remove stems, reserve for other use.
Place caps on a plate with the gills up.
In a small bowl, combine the oil, onion, garlic and vinegar.
Pour mixture evenly over the mushroom caps and let stand for 1 hour.
Grill over hot grill for 10 minutes.
Serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease two loaf pans.
In a medium mixing bowl, combine flour, baking soda, salt, baking powder, nutmeg, allspice, cinnamon and cloves.
In a large bowl with an electric mixer, blend sugar, oil and eggs.
Stir in pumpkin.
Slowly blend the flour mixture into pumpkin mixture.
While blending the mixture add water incrementally.
Pour the batter into two prepared loaf pans.
Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 90 minutes.
Let cool for 10 minutes before removing from the pans.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, combine potato soup, mixed vegetables, milk, thyme, and black pepper.
Spoon filling into bottom pie crust.
Cover with top crust, and crimp edges to seal.
Slit top crust, and brush with beaten egg if desired.
Bake for 40 minutes.
Remove from oven, and cool for 10 minutes before serving.
Heat oil in a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onion and garlic in oil for 5 minutes.
Stir in wine, sugar, basil, red pepper, tomato paste, lemon juice, Italian seasoning, black pepper and tomatoes; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium, and simmer uncovered about 15 minutes.
Stir in parsley.
Ladle over the hot cooked pasta of your choice.
In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar, olive oil, honey, vinegar, and lemon juice.
Set aside.
Place the salad greens in a pretty bowl, and top with sliced avocado and strawberries.
Drizzle dressing over everything, then sprinkle with pecans.
Refrigerate for up to 2 hours before serving, or serve immediately.
In a skillet over medium-high heat, cook the almonds, stirring frequently, until lightly toasted.
Remove from heat, and set aside.
In a bowl, prepare the dressing by whisking together the garlic, honey, Dijon mustard, raspberry vinegar, balsamic vinegar, brown sugar, and vegetable oil.
In a large bowl, toss together the toasted almonds, romaine lettuce, strawberries, and feta cheese.
Cover with the dressing mixture, and toss to serve.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Heat oil in a large skillet or saucepan.
Cook onions, mushrooms, and garlic in oil for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently.
Stir in carrots, potatoes, and celery.
Stir in  cauliflower, green beans, and vegetable broth.
Bring to a boil, then turn heat down to a simmer.
Cook until vegetables are barely tender, about 5 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper.
In a small bowl, mix the cornstarch, soy sauce, and 1/4 cup water until cornstarch is completely dissolved.
Stir into vegetables, and cook until sauce thickens, about 3 minutes.
Roll out 1/2 of the dough to line an 11x7 inch baking dish.
Pour the filling into the pastry lined dish.
Roll out remaining dough, arrange over the filling, and seal and flute the edges.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until the crust is brown.
Lightly brown onion in oil in a medium size skillet.
Stir in salt, cayenne, turmeric and cumin.
Add potatoes and cook 10 minutes stirring occasionally.
Add tomatoes, cover pan and cook until potatoes are soft, about 10 minutes.
Combine the flour and salt.
Using a pastry blender, cut in the shortening until the pieces are the size of small peas.
Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the water over part of the mixture, then gently toss with a fork.
Push moistened portion to the side of the bowl.
Repeat, using 1 tablespoon of water at a time, until all is moistened.
Divide the dough in half.
Form each half into a ball and flatten slightly.
Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.
Transfer one piece of dough to a lightly floured surface.
Roll the dough from the center to the edges to form a 12-inch circle.
Wrap the crust around the rolling pin.
Unroll it onto a 9-inch pie plate.
Ease the crust into the pie plate, being careful not to stretch it.
Trim the bottom crust evenly with the rim of the pie plate, and return the pastry-lined pie plate to the refrigerator.
In a large mixing bowl, stir together the sugar and cornstarch.
Add the strawberries, raspberries, and  blueberries; gently toss until berries are coated.
Allow fruit mixture to stand for about 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place a baking sheet in the oven to preheat.
Roll out the remaining pastry for the top crust.
Stir the berry mixture and pour the filling into the pastry-lined pie plate.
Place the top crust over the pie and trim the edges, leaving a 1/2-inch overhang.
Fold the top crust under the bottom crust, pressing lightly to seal.
Crimp the edges of the crust and cut vents in the top to allow steam to escape.
To prevent over-browning, cover the edge of the pie with foil.
Bake in the preheated oven on the baking tray for 25 minutes.
Remove the foil.
Bake for an additional 20 to 30 minutes, or until the filling is bubbling and the crust is golden.
Cool on a wire rack.
Clean cauliflower, and trim off leaves and any brown spots.
Place the whole head of cauliflower into a steamer basket, place the basket in a large pot, and add one inch of water.
Cover, and bring to a boil over medium heat.
Cook for about 20 minutes or until tender.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, mix together the bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, melted margarine.
Season with garlic powder, salt, red pepper flakes, and oregano, and mix well.
Place the head of cauliflower into a baking dish, and coat with the breadcrumb mixture.
Bake for about 10 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.
In a 1 pint glass jar or larger, combine the garlic, ginger, olive oil, rice vinegar, soy sauce, honey, and water.
Cover the jar with a tight fitting lid, and shake well.
Remove lid, and heat jar in the microwave for 1 minute just to dissolve the honey.
Let cool, and shake well before serving.
Store covered in the refrigerator.
Warm a large skillet or wok over medium heat.
When the skillet is hot, pour in canola and sesame oils, then place whole green beans into the skillet.
Stir the beans to coat with oil.
Cook until the beans are bright green and slightly browned in spots, about 10 minutes.
Remove from heat, and stir in soy sauce; cover, and let sit about 5 minutes.
Transfer to a serving platter, and sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds.
Rinse the rice in a strainer or colander until the water runs clear.
Combine with water in a medium saucepan.
Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for 20 minutes.
Rice should be tender and water should be absorbed.
Cool until cool enough to handle.
In a small saucepan, combine the rice vinegar, oil, sugar and salt.
Cook over medium heat until the sugar dissolves.
Cool, then stir into the cooked rice.
When you pour this in to the rice it will seem very wet.
Keep stirring and the rice will dry as it cools.
In a bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water, and mix in sugar.
Proof for ten minutes, or until frothy.
Mix in the salt, olive oil, and flour until dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl.
Turn onto a lightly floured surface.
Knead until smooth, about 8 minutes.
Place dough in a well oiled bowl, and cover with a damp cloth.
Set aside to rise until doubled, about 1 hour.
Punch down, and knead in garlic and basil.
Set aside to rise for 1 more hour, or until doubled again.
Preheat grill for high heat.
Heat olive oil with garlic for 30 seconds in the microwave.
Set aside.
Punch down dough, and divide in half.
Form each half into an oblong shape 3/8 to 1/2 inch thick.
Brush grill grate with garlic flavored olive oil.
Carefully place one piece of dough on hot grill.
The dough will begin to puff almost immediately.
When the bottom crust has lightly browned, turn the dough over using two spatulas.
Working quickly, brush oil over crust, and then brush with 2 tablespoons tomato sauce.
Arrange 1/2 cup chopped tomatoes, 1/8 cup sliced black olives, and 1/8 cup roasted red peppers over crust.
Sprinkle with 1 cup cheese and 2 tablespoons basil.
Close the lid, and cook until the cheese melts.
Remove from grill, and set aside to cool for a few minutes while you prepare the second pizza.
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta until al dente, rinse under cold water and drain.
In a large bowl, combine the tortellini, spinach, cheese, tomatoes and olives.
Add enough salad dressing to coat.
Toss and season with salt and pepper.
Bring a pot of salted water to a boil.
Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes; drain.
In a small saucepan heat butter and milk over low heat until butter is melted.
Using a potato masher or electric beater, slowly blend milk mixture into potatoes until smooth and creamy.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Place butter, cabbage, apples, and sugar into a large pot.
Pour in the vinegar and water, and season with salt, pepper, and clove.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until the cabbage is tender, 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add egg noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in garlic, and cook 2 minutes.
Mix in zucchini, and cook 10 minutes, until some of the moisture has evaporated.
Pour the milk into the skillet, and stir in cream cheese until melted.
Mix in basil.
Season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Serve over the cooked pasta.
In a medium saucepan, combine peas, water, and salt.
Bring to a boil, then stir in butter.
In a small bowl, whisk together cream, flour, and sugar.
Stir mixture into peas.
Cook over medium-high heat until thick and bubbly, about 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, beat eggs with milk.
Stir in flour.
Set aside.
Divide butter evenly into the twelve cups of a muffin tin, about 1/2 teaspoon per cup.
Place tin in oven to melt butter, 2 to 5 minutes.
Remove tin from oven, and distribute batter evenly among buttery cups.
Bake in preheated oven 5 minutes.
Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake 25 minutes more or until puffed and golden.
Place walnuts and sugar in a skillet over medium heat, stirring constantly until the sugar dissolves into a light brown liquid and coats the walnuts.
Remove walnuts from skillet, and spread them out on a sheet of aluminum foil to cool.
Place in a large salad bowl the mixed greens, cranberries, cheese, vinaigrette, vinegar, and olive oil.
Toss gently; add candied walnuts, and toss again.
Place walnuts and sugar in a skillet over medium heat, stirring constantly until the sugar dissolves into a light brown liquid and coats the walnuts.
Remove walnuts from skillet, and spread them out on a sheet of aluminum foil to cool.
Place in a large salad bowl the mixed greens, cranberries, cheese, vinaigrette, vinegar, and olive oil.
Toss gently; add candied walnuts, and toss again.
Spread each slice of bread with 1 tablespoon cream cheese.
On one slice of bread, arrange cucumber slices in a single layer.
Cover with sprouts, then sprinkle with oil and vinegar.
Layer tomato slices, lettuce, and pepperoncini.
Spread other slice of bread with mashed avocado.
Close sandwich and serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place bread cubes in a medium bowl and pour melted butter over the bread.
Add the zucchini, onion, garlic salt and egg; mix well.
Transfer the mixture into a 9x13 inch baking dish and top with the cheese.
Bake, covered, in preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Then uncover the dish and bake for another 30 minutes.
Heat oil in a heavy pan over medium heat.
Saute onion for 10 minutes or so, until it begins to turn golden.
Add minced garlic and saute for another minute or so.
Add lentils and water to the saucepan.
Bring mixture to a boil.
Cover, lower heat, and simmer about 35 minutes, until lentils are soft ( this may take less time, depending on your water and the lentils).
Meanwhile cook the spinach in microwave according to package directions.
Add spinach, salt and cumin to the saucepan.
Cover and simmer until all is heated, about ten minutes.
Grind in plenty of pepper and press in extra garlic to taste.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 2 quart casserole dish.
Place the bread crumbs into a small bowl and mix well with the melted butter; set aside.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add macaroni and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain, then place into prepared casserole dish.
While the pasta is cooking, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in the minced onion and cook until the onion softens and turns translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the flour, pepper, salt, and dry mustard until incorporated, then pour in the milk and bring to a simmer.
Simmer, stirring constantly until the milk has thickened, about 10 minutes.
Take the milk off of the heat and stir in the Cheddar cheese until melted.
Pour cheese sauce over the macaroni, then sprinkle evenly with buttered bread crumbs.
Bake until the top is golden and bubbly, about 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt butter in a 2 quart casserole dish in the oven.
Stir in salt, pepper, horseradish and lemon juice.
Place potatoes in dish and toss to coat with butter mixture.
Cover and bake in preheated oven for 1 hour, or until potatoes are tender.
Heat the olive oil and butter in a large pot over medium heat, and saute the leeks, cauliflower, and garlic for about 10 minutes.
Stir in the vegetable broth, and bring the mixture to a boil.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 45 minutes.
Remove the soup from heat.
Blend the soup with an immersion blender or hand mixer.
Season with salt and pepper.
Mix in the heavy cream, and continue blending until smooth.
Crumble the sausage (if using) into a skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook and stir until no longer pink.
Remove from the heat and set aside.
Fill a large pot halfway with water(about 2 quarts), and bring to a boil.
Add the sausage, and cover the pot.
Return to a boil.
Add the beets, and cook until they have lost their color.
Add the carrots and potatoes, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.
Add the cabbage, and the can of diced tomatoes.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Add the onion, and cook until tender.
Stir in the tomato paste and water until well blended.
Transfer to the pot.
Add the raw garlic to the soup, cover and turn off the heat.
Let stand for 5 minutes.
Taste, and season with salt, pepper and sugar.
Ladle into serving bowls, and garnish with sour cream, if desired, and fresh parsley.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Arrange pumpkin seeds in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Toast in preheated oven for about 10 minutes, or until seeds begin to brown.
Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat.
Stir in flour and curry powder until smooth.
Cook, stirring, until mixture begins to bubble.
Gradually whisk in broth, and cook until thickened.
Stir in pumpkin and half-and-half.
Season with soy sauce, sugar, salt, and pepper.
Bring just to a boil, then remove from heat.
Garnish with roasted pumpkin seeds.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of water and 1 tablespoon salt to a boil; cook green bell peppers in the boiling water until slightly softened, 3 to 4 minutes.
Drain.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onion in the hot oil until softened and transparent, 5 to 10 minutes.
Mix rice, black beans, tomatoes, and cooked onion in a large bowl.
Add chili powder, garlic salt, cumin, 1/2 teaspoon salt; stir until evenly mixed.
Fold 1 1/2 cups Mexican cheese blend into rice mixture.
Spoon rice mixture into each bell pepper; arrange peppers in 9x9-inch baking dish.
Sprinkle peppers with remaining Mexican cheese blend.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and bubbling, about 30 minutes.
In a large pot over medium high heat, saute the oil, onion, bay leaf and garlic for 5 minutes, or until onions are translucent.
Add the peas, barley, salt and water.
Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low.
Simmer for 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
Add the carrots, celery, potatoes, parsley, basil, thyme and ground black pepper.
Simmer for another hour, or until the peas and vegetables are tender.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Slice the eggplant in half lengthwise, and hollow out the halves leaving about a 1 centimeter shell.
Set the flesh from the insides aside for later use.
Place the shells on a baking tray, and drizzle with a little olive oil.
Bake for about 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until soft.
While those are baking, chop the leftover eggplant into small pieces.
Heat about 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the onion and garlic; cook and stir for a few minutes.
Add the chopped eggplant; cook and stir until tender.
Mix in the tomatoes and  tomato paste until well blended.
Simmer over low heat until the halves in the oven are ready.
Remove the baked eggplant shells from the oven, and spoon in the tomato and eggplant mixture.
Sprinkle a little cinnamon over the top of each one, and return them to the oven.
Bake for another 30 minutes or so.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Add chicken; cook until browned and no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes.
Add sweet potatoes and onion; cook and stir until onion is translucent, 2 to 3 minutes.
Add eggplant, garlic, ginger, and turmeric; cook until fragrant, about 1 minute more.
Pour in broth and simmer stew until thickened, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes.
Slice a little piece off the top and bottom of each orange so you have a stable cutting surface.
Trim away all skin and pith with a small sharp knife without taking too much off the fruit.
Slice oranges horizontally and arrange on a serving platter.
Combine onion, olive oil, lemon juice, and salt in a bowl and pour over the oranges.
Grind fresh pepper over the salad and arrange black olives on top.
Combine acai pulp, 2/3 of the banana, and 2 tablespoons of soy milk in a blender; blend until smooth, but still thick.
Add more soy milk as needed; smoothie should have the consistency of frozen yogurt.
Slice the remaining banana.
Pour thick smoothie into a bowl and top with granola and sliced bananas.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a small bowl or cup, stir together the lemon pepper, garlic powder, and dried parsley.
Place the slices from one of the oranges in a single layer in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Place a layer of onion slices over the orange.
Drizzle with a little bit of olive oil, and sprinkle with half of the herb mixture.
Place the dish in the preheated oven, and roast for about 25 minutes, or until the onions are browned and tender.
Remove the dish from the oven, and increase the temperature to 450 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Push the onion and orange slices to the outer edge of the baking dish, and place the salmon fillets in the center.
Season with the remaining half of the herb mixture.
Whisk together the orange juice, lemon juice and honey in a small bowl.
Pour evenly over the salmon.
Bake for 12 to 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the salmon is opaque in the center.
Remove fillets to a serving dish, and discard the roasted orange.
Garnish fillets with roasted onions and fresh orange slices.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in quinoa and allow to toast for 2 to 3 minutes, then add chicken broth, soy sauce, ginger and garlic.
Increase heat and bring to a boil.
Cover and reduce heat to low.
Simmer  until all liquid has been absorbed, 25 to 30 minutes.
Fluff quinoa with fork and top with green onions before serving.
Combine cauliflower, cucumbers, carrots, radishes, mushrooms, cilantro, kale, and poblano pepper in a large food-safe container with a lid.
Whisk lime juice, vinegar, paprika, olive oil, garlic, oregano, cumin, chili powder, cloves, coriander, salt, and pepper in a bowl until no lumps remain.
Pour over cauliflower mixture in the container.
Cover and shake until well mixed.
Combine water, basmati rice, split mung beans, ginger, coriander, oregano, garlic, cumin, and fennel seeds in a saucepan.
Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium-low.
Simmer, covered, until most of the water is absorbed and the mixture has a smooth consistency, 20 to 25 minutes.
Combine pineapple, carrot, and water in a microwave-safe bowl.
Cook in the microwave until carrots and pineapple are partially softened, 1 to 2 minutes.
Stir almond milk, oats, cinnamon, and ginger into the bowl.
Cook in the microwave for 1 minute.
Stir.
Continue microwaving in 30-second intervals, stirring after each interval, until oats are tender, 1 to 2 minutes more.
Top with walnuts.
Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir onion and garlic until lightly browned, about 10 minutes.
Mix quinoa into onion mixture and cover with vegetable broth; season with cumin, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper.
Bring the mixture to a boil.
Cover, reduce heat, and simmer until quinoa is tender and broth is absorbed, about 20 minutes.
Stir frozen corn into the saucepan, and continue to simmer until heated through, about 5 minutes; mix in the black beans and cilantro.
In a small bowl, mix the maple syrup, soy sauce, garlic, garlic salt, and pepper.
Place salmon in a shallow glass baking dish, and coat with the maple syrup mixture.
Cover the dish, and marinate salmon in the refrigerator 30 minutes, turning once.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place the baking dish in the preheated oven, and bake salmon uncovered 20 minutes, or until easily flaked with a fork.
Season both sides of chicken breasts with garlic salt and pepper.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook seasoned chicken breasts until chicken is browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side.
Add onion; cook and stir until onion is browned, 3 to 4 minutes.
Pour diced tomatoes and balsamic vinegar over chicken; season with basil, oregano, rosemary and thyme.
Simmer until chicken is no longer pink and the juices run clear, about 15 minutes.
An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
In a large bowl, thoroughly mix kiwis, Golden Delicious apples, raspberries, strawberries, white sugar, brown sugar and fruit preserves.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Coat one side of each flour tortilla with butter flavored cooking spray.
Cut into wedges and arrange in a single layer on a large baking sheet.
Sprinkle wedges with desired amount of cinnamon sugar.
Spray again with cooking spray.
Bake in the preheated oven 8 to 10 minutes.
Repeat with any remaining tortilla wedges.
Allow to cool approximately 15 minutes.
Serve with chilled fruit mixture.
If grilling, preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil a sheet of aluminum foil.
If baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C), and lightly oil a baking sheet.
In a medium bowl, mash black beans with a fork until thick and pasty.
In a food processor, finely chop bell pepper, onion, and garlic.
Then stir into mashed beans.
In a small bowl, stir together egg, chili powder, cumin, and chili sauce.
Stir the egg mixture into the mashed beans.
Mix in bread crumbs until the mixture is sticky and holds together.
Divide mixture into four patties.
If grilling, place patties on foil, and grill about 8 minutes on each side.
If baking, place patties on baking sheet, and bake about 10 minutes on each side.
Place pork tenderloin in a slow cooker with the contents of the soup packet.
Pour water, wine, and soy sauce over the top, turning the pork to coat.
Carefully spread garlic over the pork, leaving as much on top of the roast during cooking as possible.
Sprinkle with pepper, cover, and cook on low setting for 4 hours.
Serve with cooking liquid on the side as au jus.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Sprinkle chicken breasts with salt and pepper to taste, and place in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a small bowl, combine the honey, mustard, basil, paprika, and parsley.
Mix well.
Pour 1/2 of this mixture over the chicken, and brush to cover.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Turn chicken pieces over and brush with the remaining 1/2 of the honey mustard mixture.
Bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear.
Let cool 10 minutes before serving.
In a saucepan, combine apples, water, sugar, and cinnamon.
Cover, and cook over medium heat for 15 to 20 minutes, or until apples are soft.
Allow to cool, then mash with a fork or potato masher.
In a large soup pot, heat oil over medium heat.
Add onions, carrots, and celery; cook and stir until onion is tender.
Stir in garlic, bay leaf, oregano, and basil; cook for 2 minutes.
Stir in lentils, and add water and tomatoes.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, and simmer for at least 1 hour.
When ready to serve stir in spinach, and cook until it wilts.
Stir in vinegar, and season to taste with salt and pepper, and more vinegar if desired.
In a small bowl, combine tomato paste, water, Parmesan cheese, garlic, honey, anchovy paste, onion powder, oregano, marjoram, basil, ground black pepper, cayenne pepper, red pepper flakes and salt; mix together, breaking up any clumps of cheese.
Sauce should sit for 30 minutes to blend flavors; spread over pizza dough and prepare pizza as desired.
In a shallow glass dish, stir together the honey, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, ginger, garlic and olive oil.
Season fish fillets with salt and pepper, and place them into the dish.
If the fillets have skin on them, place them skin side down.
Cover, and refrigerate for 20 minutes to marinate.
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Remove fish from the dish, and reserve marinade.
Fry fish for 4 to 6 minutes on each side, turning only once, until fish flakes easily with a fork.
Remove fillets to a serving platter and keep warm.
Pour reserved marinade into the skillet, and heat over medium heat until the mixture reduces to a glaze consistently.
Spoon glaze over fish, and serve immediately.
To make beer batter:  In a large bowl, combine flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt.
Blend egg and beer, then quickly stir into the flour mixture (don't worry about a few lumps).
To make white sauce:  In a medium bowl, mix together yogurt and mayonnaise.
Gradually stir in fresh lime juice until consistency is slightly runny.
Season with jalapeno, capers, oregano, cumin, dill, and cayenne.
Heat oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Dust fish pieces lightly with flour.
Dip into beer batter, and fry until crisp and golden brown.
Drain on paper towels.
Lightly fry tortillas; not too crisp.
To serve, place fried fish in a tortilla, and top with shredded cabbage, and white sauce.
Place the onion, rinsed beans, jalapeno, garlic, salt, pepper, and cumin into a slow cooker.
Pour in the water and stir to combine.
Cook on High for 8 hours, adding more water as needed.
Note: if more than 1 cup of water has evaporated during cooking, then the temperature is too high.
Once the beans have cooked, strain them, and reserve the liquid.
Mash the beans with a potato masher, adding the reserved water as needed to attain desired consistency.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Line a non insulated cookie sheet with parchment paper.
With a knife or kitchen shears carefully remove the leaves from the thick stems and tear into bite size pieces.
Wash and thoroughly dry kale with a salad spinner.
Drizzle kale with olive oil and sprinkle with seasoning salt.
Bake until the edges brown but are not burnt, 10 to 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine the squash, red bell peppers, sweet potato, and Yukon Gold potatoes.
Separate the red onion quarters into pieces, and add them to the mixture.
In a small bowl, stir together thyme, rosemary, olive oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper.
Toss with vegetables until they are coated.
Spread evenly on a large roasting pan.
Roast for 35 to 40 minutes in the preheated oven, stirring every 10 minutes, or until vegetables are cooked through and browned.
In a large glass bowl, mix the cider vinegar, mustard, garlic, lime juice, lemon juice, brown sugar, salt, and pepper.
Whisk in the olive oil.
Place chicken in the mixture.
Cover, and marinate 8 hours, or overnight.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Place chicken on the prepared grill, and cook 6 to 8 minutes per side, until juices run clear.
Discard marinade.
In a large bowl, mix warm water, yeast, and 1/3 cup honey.
Add 5 cups white bread flour, and stir to combine.
Let set for 30 minutes, or until big and bubbly.
Mix in 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1/3 cup honey, and salt.
Stir in 2 cups whole wheat flour.
Flour a flat surface and knead with whole wheat flour until not real sticky - just pulling away from the counter, but still sticky to touch.
This may take an additional 2 to 4 cups of whole wheat flour.
Place in a greased bowl, turning once to coat the surface of the dough.
Cover with a dishtowel.
Let rise in a warm place until doubled.
Punch down, and divide into 3 loaves.
Place in greased 9 x 5 inch loaf pans, and allow to rise until dough has topped the pans by one inch.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes; do not overbake.
Lightly brush the tops of loaves with 2 tablespoons melted butter or margarine when done to prevent crust from getting hard.
Cool completely
Open the cans of corn, chicken broth, chunk chicken, black beans, and diced tomatoes with green chilies.
Pour everything into a large saucepan or stock pot.
Simmer over medium heat until chicken is heated through.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Place turkey in the pot, and cook until evenly brown.
Stir in onion, and cook until tender.
Pour water into the pot.
Mix in tomatoes, kidney beans, and garlic.
Season chili powder, paprika, oregano, cayenne pepper, cumin, salt, and pepper.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 30 minutes.
In an electric food processor or blender, combine beans, broth, salsa, and cumin.
Blend until fairly smooth.
Heat the bean mixture in a saucepan over medium heat until thoroughly heated.
Ladle soup into 4 individual bowls, and top each bowl with 1 tablespoon of the sour cream and 1/2 tablespoon green onion.
Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Stir in the onion, and season with bay leaves, cumin, oregano, and salt.
Cook and stir until onion is tender, then mix in the celery, green bell peppers, jalapeno peppers, garlic, and green chile peppers.
When vegetables are heated through, mix in the vegetarian burger crumbles.
Reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer 5 minutes.
Mix the tomatoes into the pot.
Season chili with chili powder and pepper.
Stir in the kidney beans, garbanzo beans, and black beans.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 45 minutes.
Stir in the corn, and continue cooking 5 minutes before serving.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Generously grease a 9x13 inch baking pan.
In a large bowl, mix together the oats, brown sugar, wheat germ, cinnamon, flour, raisins and salt.
Make a well in the center, and pour in the honey, egg, oil and vanilla.
Mix well using your hands.
Pat the mixture evenly into the prepared pan.
Bake for 30 to 35 minutes in the preheated oven, until the bars begin to turn golden at the edges.
Cool for 5 minutes, then cut into bars while still warm.
Do not allow the bars to cool completely before cutting, or they will be too hard to cut.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat.
Add garlic, saute for 1 minute; then add chicken and cook for 7 to 8 minutes on each side.
When chicken is close to being cooked through (no longer pink inside), add spinach and saute all together for 3 to 4 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare Alfredo sauce according to package directions.
When finished, stir in 2 tablespoons pesto; set aside.
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente.
Rinse under cold water and drain.
Add chicken/spinach mixture to pasta, then stir in pesto/Alfredo sauce.
Mix well, top with cheese and serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add egg noodles and oil, and boil for 8 minutes, or until tender.
Drain, and rinse under cool running water.
In a large saucepan or Dutch oven, combine broth, salt, and poultry seasoning.
Bring to a boil.
Stir in celery and onion.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 15 minutes.
In a small bowl, mix cornstarch and water together until cornstarch is completely dissolved.
Gradually add to soup, stirring constantly.
Stir in noodles and chicken, and heat through.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place pork in a 9x13 inch baking dish, and sprinkle meat with salt, pepper and garlic powder.
Top with onion and celery, and pour wine over all.
Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes.
When done baking, remove meat from baking dish, and place on a serving platter.
Pour gravy mix into baking dish with wine and cooking juices, and stir until thickened.
Slice meat, and cover with the gravy.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Cut potato into wedges.
Mix olive oil, paprika, garlic powder, chili powder and onion powder together.
Coat potatoes with oil/spice mixture and place on a baking sheet.
Bake for 45 minutes in preheated oven.
Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine oil, garlic, basil, marjoram, dill weed, thyme, oregano, parsley, red pepper flakes, and salt.
Stir in potatoes until evenly coated.
Place potatoes in a single layer on a roasting pan or baking sheet.
Roast for 20 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, turning occasionally to brown on all sides.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil.
Add pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain, and set aside.
Warm 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Stir in chicken, and season with salt, pepper, and garlic powder.
Cook until chicken is cooked through and browned, about 5 minutes.
Remove chicken to paper towels.
Pour chicken broth into the skillet.
Then stir in asparagus, garlic, and a pinch more garlic powder, salt, and pepper.
Cover, and steam until the asparagus is just tender, about 5 to 10 minutes.
Return chicken to the skillet, and warm through.
Stir chicken mixture into pasta, and mix well.
Let sit about 5 minutes.
Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil, stir again, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta in boiling water until tender yet firm to the bit, 8 to 10 minutes; drain.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Add onion and garlic; saute until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Stir in the chicken and cook, stirring occasionally, until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 5 to 6 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium-low; add artichoke hearts, tomato, feta cheese, parsley, lemon juice, oregano, and cooked pasta.
Cook and stir until heated through, about 2 to 3 minutes.
Remove from heat, season with salt and pepper, and garnish with lemon wedges.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Place turkey in the skillet, and cook until evenly brown; drain.
Coat the inside of a slow cooker with cooking spray, and mix in turkey, tomato soup, kidney beans, black beans and onion.
Season with chili powder, red pepper flakes, garlic powder, cumin, black pepper, allspice and salt.
Cover, and cook 8 hours on Low or 4 hours on High.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a large bowl, toss broccoli florets with the extra virgin olive oil, sea salt, pepper and garlic.
Spread the broccoli out in an even layer on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until florets are tender enough to pierce the stems with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes.
Remove and transfer to a serving platter.
Squeeze lemon juice liberally over the broccoli before serving for a refreshing, tangy finish.
Drain and rinse chickpeas.
Pour chickpeas into a medium size mixing bowl and mash with a fork.
Mix in celery, onion, mayonnaise (to taste), lemon juice, dill, salt and pepper to taste.
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook angel hair pasta until it is al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain, and set aside.
In a large skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat.
Saute the onions and garlic.
Stir in the tomatoes, chicken, basil, salt and hot pepper sauce.
Reduce heat to medium, and cover skillet.
Simmer for about 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until mixture is hot and tomatoes are soft.
Toss sauce with hot cooked angel hair pasta to coat.
Serve with Parmesan cheese.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, mash the bananas.
Stir in oats, dates, oil, and vanilla.
Mix well, and allow to sit for 15 minutes.
Drop by teaspoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until lightly brown.
Adjust oven rack to lowest position and heat oven to 450 degrees.
Toss potatoes with oil, salt and pepper.
Arrange, cut side down, on a large lipped cookie sheet or jellyroll pan.
Roast until tender and golden brown, about 30 minutes (check after 20 minutes).
Transfer to a serving dish.
Heat oil, and cook onion and garlic until soft.
Stir in broth, tomatillos, tomatoes, chilies, and spices.
Bring to a boil, then simmer for 10 minutes.
Add corn, chicken, and beans; simmer 5 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
In a large stock pot, cover peas with 2 quarts cold water and soak overnight.
If you need a faster method, simmer the peas gently for 2 minutes, and then soak for l hour.
Once peas are soaked, add ham bone, onion, salt, pepper and marjoram.
Cover, bring to boil and then simmer for 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.
Remove bone; cut off meat, dice and return meat to soup.
Add celery, carrots and potatoes.
Cook slowly, uncovered for 30 to 40 minutes, or until vegetables are tender.
In a stockpot over medium-high heat, heat the oil.
Add the onion and garlic and saute for 4 minutes.
Add the rice and saute for 2 minutes.
Add the vegetable broth, bring to a boil, cover and lower the heat and cook for 20 minutes.
Add the spices and black beans.
In a blender, combine soy milk, oats, banana and strawberries.
Add vanilla and sugar if desired.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into glasses and serve.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees F).
Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Place the tilapia fillets in the bottom of the baking dish and dot with butter.
Season with Old Bay seasoning and garlic salt.
Top each one with a slice or two of lemon.
Arrange the frozen mixed vegetables around the fish, and season lightly with salt and pepper.
Cover the dish and bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until vegetables are tender and fish flakes easily with a fork.
Place the tomatoes, onion, garlic, lime juice, salt, green chiles, and cilantro in a blender or food processor.
Blend on low to desired consistency.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes.
Drain, cool, peel and chop.
Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water.
Bring water to a boil; cover, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes.
Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop.
In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, eggs, celery, onion, relish, garlic salt, celery salt, mustard, pepper and mayonnaise.
Mix together well and refrigerate until chilled.
To make the marinade, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, lime juice, lime zest, honey, garlic, cumin, chili powder, seafood seasoning, black pepper, and hot sauce in a bowl until blended.
Place the tilapia in a shallow dish, and pour the marinade over the fish.
Cover, and refrigerate 6 to 8 hours.
To make the dressing, combine the sour cream and adobo sauce in a bowl.
Stir in the lime juice, lime zest, cumin, chili powder, seafood seasoning.
Add salt, and pepper in desired amounts.
Cover, and refrigerate until needed.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate.
Set grate 4 inches from the heat.
Remove fish from marinade, drain off any excess and discard marinade.
Grill fish pieces until easily flaked with a fork, turning once, about 9 minutes.
Assemble tacos by placing fish pieces in the center of tortillas with desired amounts of tomatoes, cilantro, and cabbage; drizzle with dressing.
To serve, roll up tortillas around fillings, and garnish with lime wedges.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Toss butternut squash with olive oil and garlic in a large bowl.
Season with salt and black pepper.
Arrange coated squash on a baking sheet.
Roast in the preheated oven until squash is tender and lightly browned, 25 to 30 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the penne pasta, and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Place bacon in the skillet, and cook until browned and crisp.
Add garlic, and cook for about 1 minute.
Stir in the tomatoes, and cook until heated through.
Place the spinach into a colander, and drain the hot pasta over it so it is wilted.
Transfer to a large serving bowl, and toss with the remaining olive oil, and the bacon and tomato mixture.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Grease muffin cups or use paper muffin liners.
Mix together wheat bran and milk, and let stand for 10 minutes.
In a large bowl, mix together applesauce, egg, brown sugar, and vanilla.
Beat in bran mixture.
Sift together all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt.
Stir into bran mixture until just blended.
Fold in blueberries.
Scoop into muffin cups.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until tops spring back when lightly tapped.
Rinse shredded potatoes until water is clear, then drain and squeeze dry.
Place shreds in a bowl, and mix in the onion, flour and egg until evenly distributed.
Heat about 1/4 inch of oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat.
When oil is sizzling hot, place potatoes into the pan in a 1/2 inch thick layer.
Cover the whole bottom of the pan, or make separate piles like pancakes.
Cook until nicely browned on the bottom, then flip over and brown on the other side.
It should take at least 5 minutes per side.
If you are cooking them in one big piece, it can be cut into quarters for easier flipping.
Remove from pan, and drain on paper towels.
Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.
In a medium bowl, Mix together tomato sauce and tomato paste until smooth.
Stir in oregano, garlic and paprika.
Heat the oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat; cook onion and garlic until onions are translucent.
Add turkey and cook, stirring, until meat is brown.
Stir in beans, tomatoes, chili powder, oregano, basil and vinegar.
Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 60 minutes or more, until flavors are well blended.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly oil 18 muffin cups, or coat with nonstick cooking spray.
In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, egg whites, apple butter, oil and vanilla.
In a large bowl, stir together flours, sugar, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
Stir in carrots, apples and raisins.
Stir in apple butter mixture until just moistened.
Spoon the batter into the prepared muffin cups, filling them about 3/4 full.
In a small bowl, combine walnuts and wheat germ; sprinkle over the muffin tops.
Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the tops are golden and spring back when lightly pressed.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spread tomato pesto onto one side of each pita bread and place them pesto-side up on a baking sheet.
Top pitas with tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms, feta cheese, and Parmesan cheese; drizzle with olive oil and season with pepper.
Bake in the preheated oven until pita breads are crisp, about 12 minutes.
Cut pitas into quarters.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a medium baking pan, toss together the zucchini, potatoes, red bell pepper, garlic, bread crumbs, and olive oil.
Season with paprika, salt, and pepper.
Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender and lightly brown.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute garlic until tender, then stir in chicken.
Season with red pepper flakes.
Cook until chicken is golden, and cooked through.
In a large bowl, combine pasta, chicken, sun-dried tomatoes and pesto.
Toss to coat evenly.
In a bowl, toss together the tomatoes, basil, Parmesan cheese, and garlic.
Mix in the balsamic vinegar, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper.
Serve on toasted bread slices.
In a large pot, heat olive oil.
Add garlic and onion; saute until soft.
Add kale and saute, stirring, until wilted.
Add 3 cups of broth, 2 cups of beans, and all of the tomato, herbs, salt and pepper.
Simmer 5 minutes.
In a blender or food processor, mix the remaining beans and broth until smooth.
Stir into soup to thicken.
Simmer 15 minutes.
Ladle into bowls; sprinkle with chopped parsley.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat.
Cook garlic in oil until tender.
Place chicken in the skillet, and cook about 10 minutes on each side, until no longer pink and juices run clear.
Drain oil from skillet.
Sprinkle chicken with paprika and 1 cup brown sugar.
Pour red wine around chicken.
Cover, and simmer about 15 to 20 minutes; lightly baste chicken with wine sauce while cooking.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
In a saucepan bring water to a boil.
Add quinoa and a pinch of salt.
Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 15 minutes.
Allow to cool to room temperature; fluff with a fork.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine olive oil, sea salt, lemon juice, tomatoes, cucumber, green onions, carrots and parsley.
Stir in cooled quinoa.
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer.
Select Whole Wheat setting, and then press Start.
In a slow cooker, combine black bean soup, kidney beans, garbanzo beans, baked beans, tomatoes, corn, onion, bell pepper and celery.
Season with garlic, chili powder, parsley, oregano and basil.
Cook for at least two hours on High.
Preheat grill for high heat.
In a medium bowl, mix together corn, red onion, jicama, red bell pepper, and cilantro.
Stir in lime juice and zest.
In a small bowl, combine cayenne pepper, ground black pepper, and salt.
Brush each fillet with olive oil, and sprinkle with spices to taste.
Arrange fillets on grill grate, and cook for 3 minutes per side.
For each fiery fish taco, top two corn tortillas with fish, sour cream, and corn salsa.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place sweet potatoes in a large saucepan with enough water to cover.
Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.
Remove from heat, drain, and mash.
Place mashed sweet potatoes in large bowl, and use an electric mixer to blend with the margarine, brown sugar, orange juice, and cinnamon.
Spread evenly into a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Top with miniature marshmallows.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until heated through, and marshmallows are puffed and golden brown.
Place chicken breasts and tomato sauce in a medium saucepan over medium high heat.
Bring to a boil, then add the salsa, seasoning, cumin, garlic and chili powder.
Let simmer for 15 minutes.
With a fork, start pulling the chicken meat apart into thin strings.
Keep cooking pulled chicken meat and sauce, covered, for another 5 to 10 minutes.
Add hot sauce to taste and stir together (Note: You may need to add a bit of water if the mixture is cooked too high and gets too thick.)
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium low heat; add wine, cheese, garlic, parsley and salt and pepper to taste.
Simmer over low heat for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently.
Increase heat to medium high and add shrimp to saucepan; cook for about 3 to 4 minutes or until shrimp begins to turn pink.
Do not overcook.
Divide pasta into portions and spoon sauce on top; garnish with Parmesan cheese and fresh parsley, if desired.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 12 cup muffin pan, or line with paper muffin cups.
In a large bowl, stir together the all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, sugar, oat bran, quick-cooking oats, wheat germ, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
Gently stir in the blueberries and walnuts.
In a separate bowl, mix together the mashed banana, buttermilk, egg, oil and vanilla.
Pour the wet ingredients into the dry, and mix just until blended.
Spoon into muffin cups, filling all the way to the top.
Bake for 15 to 18 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the tops of the muffins spring back when lightly touched.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add orzo pasta, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium-high heat, and cook the garlic and red pepper 1 minute, until garlic is golden brown.
Stir in chicken, season with salt, and cook 2 to 5 minutes, until lightly browned and juices run clear.
Reduce heat to medium, and mix in the parsley and cooked orzo.
Place spinach in the skillet.
Continue cooking 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until spinach is wilted.
Serve topped with Parmesan cheese.
In a small saucepan over medium heat, mix pineapple juice, brown sugar, and soy sauce.
Remove from heat just before the mixture comes to a boil.
Place chicken tenders in a medium bowl.
Cover with the pineapple marinade, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.
Preheat grill for medium heat.
Thread chicken lengthwise onto wooden skewers.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Grill chicken tenders 5 minutes per side, or until juices run clear.
They cook quickly, so watch them closely.
In a large bowl, beat together eggs, flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper.
Mix in potatoes and onion.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
In batches, drop heaping tablespoonfuls of the potato mixture into the skillet.
Press to flatten.
Cook about 3 minutes on each side, until browned and crisp.
Drain on paper towels.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Spray 20 muffin cups with cooking spray.
Place zucchini, onions, and red bell pepper into a food processor, and pulse several times until finely chopped but not liquefied.
Place the vegetables into a bowl, and mix in ground turkey, couscous, egg, Worcestershire sauce, and Dijon mustard until thoroughly combined.
Fill each prepared muffin cup about 3/4 full.
Top each cup with about 1 teaspoon of barbecue sauce.
Bake in the preheated oven until juices run clear, about 25 minutes.
Internal temperature of a muffin measured by an instant-read meat thermometer should be at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
Let stand 5 minutes before serving.
In a food-grade large bucket or container large enough to hold your turkey, mix together the water, salt, garlic, pepper, Worcestershire sauce and brown sugar.
Store in a refrigerator, and soak turkey for 2 days before smoking or roasting.
In a large resealable plastic bag, mix together the lime juice, water, olive oil, garlic, soy sauce, salt, and liquid smoke flavoring.
Stir in cayenne and black pepper.
Place desired meat in the marinade, and refrigerate at least 2 hours, or overnight.
Cook as desired.
Place chicken and salsa in the slow cooker the night before you want to eat this chili.
Season with garlic powder, cumin, chili powder, salt, and pepper.
Cook 6 to 8 hours on Low setting.
About 3 to 4 hours before you want to eat, shred the chicken with 2 forks.
Return the meat to the pot, and continue cooking.
Stir the corn and the pinto beans into the slow cooker.
Simmer until ready to serve.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook the carrots and onion in the hot oil about 5 minutes.
Stir in the salt, pepper, cumin, turmeric, and cabbage and cook another 15 to 20 minutes.
Add the potatoes; cover.
Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until potatoes are soft, 20 to 30 minutes.
In a medium saucepan, combine beans, onion, and garlic, and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium-low.
Season with cilantro, cayenne, and salt.
Simmer for 5 minutes, and serve.
In a shallow glass dish, mix the soy sauce, brown sugar, sherry, sesame oil, ginger, and garlic powder.
Stir the chicken pieces and pineapple into the marinade until well coated.
Cover, and marinate in the refrigerator at least 2 hours.
Preheat grill to medium-high heat.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Thread chicken and pineapple alternately onto skewers.
Grill 15 to 20 minutes, turning occasionally, or until chicken juices run clear.
Sift together flour and baking powder, set aside.
Beat together the egg, milk, salt and artificial sweetener in a bowl.
Stir in flour until just moistened, add blueberries, and stir to incorporate.
Preheat a heavy-bottomed skillet over medium heat, and spray with cooking spray.
Pour approximately 1/4 cup of the batter into the pan for each pancake.
Cook until bubbly, about 1 1/2 minutes.
Turn, and continue cooking until golden brown.
In a large pot over medium heat, cook onion in olive oil until translucent.
Stir in garlic and cook until tender.
Reduce heat, and stir in tomato sauce, water, parsley, basil, oregano, salt, cannelini beans, navy beans and Parmesan.
Simmer 1 hour.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Stir into soup.
In a medium bowl, stir together tomatoes, onion, chili peppers, cilantro, salt, and lime juice.
Chill for one hour in the refrigerator before serving.
In a large bowl, combine cabbage, red apple, green apple, carrot, red bell pepper, and green onions.
In a small bowl, mix together mayonnaise, brown sugar, and lemon juice.
Pour dressing over salad.
In an electric blender or food processor, puree the chickpeas, red peppers, lemon juice, tahini, garlic, cumin, cayenne, and salt.
Process, using long pulses, until the mixture is fairly smooth, and slightly fluffy.
Make sure to scrape the mixture off the sides of the food processor or blender in between pulses.
Transfer to a serving bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
(The hummus can be made up to 3 days ahead and refrigerated.
Return to room temperature before serving.)
Sprinkle the hummus with the chopped parsley before serving.
Pour the water into a slow cooker, add the bouillon cube, and stir to dissolve.
Combine the black-eyed peas, onion, garlic, bell pepper, jalapeno pepper, ham, bacon, cayenne pepper, cumin, salt, and pepper; stir to blend.
Cover the slow cooker and cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours until the beans are tender.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a bowl, toss the beets with 1/2 tablespoon olive oil to coat.
Spread in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and sugar in a large resealable plastic bag.
Place the sweet potatoes and onion in the bag.
Seal bag, and shake to coat vegetables with the oil mixture.
Bake beets 15 minutes in the preheated oven.
Mix sweet potato mixture with the beets on the baking sheet.
Continue baking 45 minutes, stirring after 20 minutes, until all vegetables are tender.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
In a large mixing bowl, combine all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking powder, salt and brown sugar.
Pour in beer, stir until a stiff batter is formed.
It may be necessary to mix dough with your hands.
Scrape dough into  prepared loaf pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 50 to 60 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean.
In a large saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil with the garlic over medium heat.
When the garlic starts to sizzle, pour in the tomatoes.
Season with salt and red pepper.
Bring to a boil.
Lower the heat, and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
In a large skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil over high heat.
Add the shrimp and scallops.
Cook for about 2 minutes, stirring frequently, or until the shrimp turn pink.
Add shrimp and scallops to the tomato mixture, and stir in the parsley.
Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the sauce just begins to bubble.
Serve sauce over pasta.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add the quinoa, and toast, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes.
Stir in broth, and bring to a boil.
Reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook for 15 minutes, or until quinoa is tender.
In a bowl, toss quinoa together with garlic, parsley, thyme, salt, and onion.
Sprinkle with lemon juice, and serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Coat the bottom of a glass or non-stick baking dish with olive oil, just enough to coat.
Wash and peel the sweet potatoes.
Cut them into medium size pieces.
Place the cut sweet potatoes in the baking dish and turn them so that they are coated with the olive oil.
Sprinkle moderately with oregano, and salt and pepper (to taste).
Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) oven for 60 minutes or until soft.
In a medium bowl, mix together the paprika, garlic powder, salt, onion powder, thyme, cayenne pepper, and ground black pepper.
Set aside about 3 tablespoons of this seasoning mixture for the chicken; store the remainder in an airtight container for later use (for seasoning fish, meats, or vegetables).
Preheat grill for medium-high heat.
Rub some of the reserved 3 tablespoons of seasoning onto both sides of the chicken breasts.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Place chicken on the grill, and cook for 6 to 8 minutes on each side, until juices run clear.
In a medium bowl, combine garbanzo beans, mayonnaise, mustard, relish, chopped green onions, salt and pepper.
Mix well.
Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat.
Add sesame seeds.
When seeds start to darken, stir in green beans.
Cook, stirring, until the beans turn bright green.
Pour in chicken broth, salt and pepper.
Cover and cook until beans are tender-crisp, about 10 minutes.
Uncover and cook until liquid evaporates.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Coat a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Sprinkle 1 teaspoon parsley and 1 teaspoon basil evenly over the bottom of the baking dish.
Arrange chicken breast halves in the dish, and sprinkle evenly with garlic slices.
In a small bowl, mix the remaining 2 teaspoons parsley, remaining 2 teaspoons basil, salt, and red pepper; sprinkle over the chicken.
Top with tomato slices.
Bake covered in the preheated oven 25 minutes.
Remove cover, and continue baking 15 minutes, or until chicken juices run clear.
Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat, and fry onions until tender.
Stir in garlic, ginger, cloves, cinnamon, cumin, coriander, salt, cayenne, and turmeric.
Cook for 1 minute over medium heat, stirring constantly.
Mix in garbanzo beans and their liquid.
Continue to cook and stir until all ingredients are well blended and heated through.
Remove from heat.
Stir in cilantro just before serving, reserving 1 tablespoon for garnish.
In a mixing bowl, combine peanut butter, soy sauce, lime juice, brown sugar, curry powder, garlic and hot pepper sauce.
Place the chicken breasts in the marinade and refrigerate.
Let the chicken marinate at least 2 hours, overnight is best.
Preheat a grill to high heat.
Weave the chicken onto skewers, then grill for 5 minutes per side.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onions, carrots, and garlic until tender.
Stir in green pepper, red pepper, celery, and chili powder.
Cook until vegetables are tender, about 6 minutes.
Stir in mushrooms, and cook 4 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes, kidney beans, and corn.
Season with cumin, oregano, and basil.
Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to medium.
Cover, and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Combine mustard, sesame oil, garlic, pepper, and maple syrup.
Place pork in a shallow dish and coat thoroughly with marinade.
Cover, then chill in the refrigerator at least eight hours, or overnight.
Preheat grill for medium-low heat.
Remove pork from marinade, and set aside.
Transfer remaining marinade to a small saucepan, and cook on the stove over medium-low heat for 5 minutes.
Brush grate with oil, and place meat on grate.
Grill pork, basting with reserved marinade, for approximately 15 to 25 minutes, or until interior is no longer pink.
Avoid using high temperatures as marinade will burn.
In a blender or food processor combine garbanzo beans, garlic, cumin, salt and olive oil.
Blend on low speed, gradually adding reserved bean liquid, until desired consistency is achieved.
In a small saucepan, bring the broth to a boil.
Remove from heat.
Place the sun-dried tomatoes in the broth 15 minutes, or until softened.
Drain, reserving broth, and coarsely chop.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place penne pasta in the pot, cook 9 to 12 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Place the pine nuts in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir until lightly toasted.
Heat the olive oil and red pepper flakes in a skillet over medium heat, and saute the garlic 1 minute, until tender.
Mix in the spinach, and cook until almost wilted.
Pour in the reserved broth, and stir in the chopped sun-dried tomatoes.
Continue cooking 2 minutes, or until heated through.
In a large bowl, toss the cooked pasta with the spinach and tomato mixture and pine nuts.
Serve with Parmesan cheese.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking sheet.
In a large bowl, mix olive oil and paprika.
Add potato sticks, and stir by hand to coat.
Place on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake 40 minutes in the preheated oven.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
In a plastic bag, combine the sweet potatoes, canola oil, taco seasoning, and cayenne pepper.
Close and shake the bag until the fries are evenly coated.
Spread the fries out in a single layer on  two large baking sheets.
Bake for 30 minutes, or until crispy and brown on one side.
Turn the fries over using a spatula, and cook for another 30 minutes, or until they are all crispy on the outside and tender inside.
Thinner fries may not take as long.
Place chicken breasts in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a small bowl combine the ginger, soy sauce, onion flakes, sugar, bourbon and garlic powder.
Mix together and pour mixture over chicken.
Cover dish and place in refrigerator.
Marinate overnight.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Remove dish from refrigerator and remove cover.
Bake in the preheated oven, basting frequently, for 1 1/2 hours or until chicken is well browned and juices run clear.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
In a small shallow bowl, stir together the bread crumbs, cheese, cornmeal, oil, italian seasoning, garlic powder and pepper; set aside.
Coat the rack of a broiling pan with cooking spray.
Place the cod on the rack, folding under any thin edges of the filets.
Brush with the egg white, then spoon the crumb mixture evenly on top.
Bake in a preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until the fish flakes easily when tested with a fork and is opaque all the way through.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 2 quart casserole dish, or coat with non-stick cooking spray.
Place apples in a large bowl.
In a small bowl, mix together sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves.
Stir spice mixture into apples until evenly distributed.
Fold in raisins and walnuts.
Spoon into prepared dish.
Pour milk evenly over apple mixture.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 to 60 minutes, or until soft and bubbly.
Allow to cool slightly before serving.
In a medium bowl, combine the broth, tomato paste, ground black pepper, oregano, salt and garlic.
Mix well and set aside.
Dredge the chicken in the bread crumbs, coating well.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium high heat.
Saute the chicken in the oil for 2 minutes per side, or until lightly browned.
Add the reserved broth mixture and the mushrooms to the skillet and bring to a boil.
Then cover, reduce heat to low and simmer for 20 minutes.
Remove chicken and set aside, covering to keep it warm.
Bring broth mixture to a boil and cook for 4 minutes, or until reduced to desired thickness.
Spoon sauce over the chicken and serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water.
Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes.
In a large bowl combine flour, wheat germ and salt.
Make a well in the middle and add honey and yeast mixture.
Stir well to combine.
Cover and set in a warm place to rise for a few minutes.
Roll dough on a floured pizza pan and poke a few holes in it with a fork.
Bake in preheated oven for 5 to 10 minutes, or until desired crispiness is achieved.
In a blender, combine brown sugar, ketchup, vinegar, water and Worcestershire sauce.
Season with mustard, paprika, salt, pepper, and hot pepper sauce.
Blend until smooth.
Heat the olive oil in a large soup pot; cook the onion and garlic until soft.
Stir in the kale and cook until wilted, about 2 minutes.
Stir in the water, vegetable bouillon, tomatoes, potatoes, beans, Italian seasoning, and parsley.
Simmer soup on medium heat for 25 minutes, or until potatoes are cooked through.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente.
Meanwhile, combine tomatoes and beans in a large non-stick skillet.
Bring to a boil over medium high heat.
Reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes.
Add spinach to the sauce; cook for 2 minutes or until spinach wilts, stirring constantly.
Serve sauce over pasta, and sprinkle with feta.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat.
Cook chicken and onion in oil 4 to 5 minutes, or until onion is tender.
Stir in the chicken broth, green chiles, garlic powder, cumin, oregano, cilantro, and cayenne pepper.
Reduce heat, and simmer for 15 minutes.
Stir in the beans, and simmer for 5 more minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear.
Garnish with green onion and shredded cheese.
Place lentils in a large saucepan; add enough water to cover by 1 inch.
Bring water to a boil and cook until tender, about 10 minutes; drain.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add garlic, onion, and carrot; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Pour in lentils, 1 quart water, oregano, rosemary, and bay leaves.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir in tomato paste and season with salt and pepper.
Cover and simmer until the lentils have softened, 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add additional water if the soup becomes too thick.
Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil and red wine vinegar to taste.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil grate.
Dip chicken in lemon juice, and sprinkle with the onion powder, ground black pepper, seasoning salt and parsley.
Discard any remaining lemon juice.
Cook on the prepared grill 10 to 15 minutes per side, or until no longer pink and juices run clear.
Place all ingredients (except sunflower seeds) in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Select basic white cycle; press start.
Add the sunflower seeds when the alert sounds during the knead cycle.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onion and garlic; cook about 5 minutes.
Add frozen peas, and stir in stock.
Season with salt and pepper.
Cover, and cook until the peas are tender, about 5 minutes.
In large pot saute; the onions, garlic, and ginger in a little olive oil for about 5 minutes.
Add the water, lentils, chick peas, white kidney beans, diced tomatoes, carrots, celery, garam masala, cardamom, cayenne pepper and cumin.
Bring to a boil for a few minutes then simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hours or longer, until the lentils are soft.
Puree half the soup in a food processor or blender.
Return the pureed soup to the pot, stir and enjoy!
Place the onion, garlic, carrots, sweet potatoes, garbanzo beans, and chicken breast pieces into a slow cooker.
In a bowl, mix the cumin, turmeric, cinnamon, black pepper, parsley, and salt, and sprinkle over the chicken and vegetables.
Pour in the tomatoes, and stir to combine.
Cover the cooker, set to High, and cook until the sweet potatoes are tender and the sauce has thickened, 4 to 5 hours.
Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat, and cook the onion, pepper, and celery until tender.
Pour in the chicken broth, and mix in rice, black-eyed peas with liquid, diced tomatoes and green chiles, diced tomatoes, and garlic.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 45 minutes, or until rice is tender.
Add water if soup is too thick.
Combine the rice and water in a saucepan over medium-high heat.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes, or until rice is tender.
In a small bowl, stir together the soy sauce, peanut butter, vinegar, and cayenne pepper.
Set aside.
Heat oil in a skillet or wok over high heat.
Add chicken, garlic and ginger, and cook, stirring constantly, until chicken is golden on the outside, about 5 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium, and add green onion, broccoli, peanuts, and the peanut butter mixture.
Cook, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes, or until broccoli is tender, and chicken is cooked through.
Serve over rice.
Stir the tomatoes, green bell pepper, onion, cilantro, lime juice, jalapeno pepper, cumin, salt, and pepper in a bowl.
Serve.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Peel potatoes and add to pot.
Cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes.
Drain, cool and mash with a fork or potato masher.
Combine 1 cup mashed potato, flour and egg in a large bowl.
Knead until dough forms a ball.
Shape small portions of the dough into long "snakes".
On a floured surface, cut snakes into half-inch pieces.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Drop in gnocchi and cook for 3 to 5 minutes or until gnocchi have risen to the top; drain and serve.
Drain black beans, and rinse.
Combine beans, jalapenos, and chicken broth in a slow cooker.
Season with garlic powder, chili powder, cumin, cayenne, pepper, and hot pepper sauce.
Cook on High for 4 hours.
Reduce heat to Low, and continue cooking for 2 hours, or until you are ready to eat.
Place meat in a large resealable plastic bag.
In a medium bowl, mix together honey, Dijon mustard, chili powder, and salt.
Pour marinade over tenderloins, seal, and refrigerate for at least 4 hours.
Prepare the grill for indirect heat.
Lightly oil grill grate.
Remove meat from marinade, and discard liquid.
Grill for 15 to 25 minutes, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center reads 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in garlic, and cook 1 minute.
Stir in rice, cumin, coriander, turmeric, and cayenne pepper.
Cook and stir 5 minutes, then pour in chicken stock.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 20 minutes.
Place the turkey in a skillet over medium heat, and cook until evenly brown.
Gently mix cooked turkey, garbanzo beans, black beans, cilantro, parsley, and pine nuts into the cooked rice.
Season with salt and pepper.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Grease 12 large muffin cups, or line with paper liners.
In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, applesauce, oil, brown sugar, vanilla and bananas.
Combine the flour, baking soda and cinnamon; Stir into the banana mixture until moistened.
Stir in the strawberries until evenly distributed.
Spoon batter into muffin cups until completely filled.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the tops of the muffins spring back when pressed lightly.
Cool before removing from the muffin tins.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Cook celery, onion, garlic, parsley, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, and salt in the hot oil until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in chicken broth, tomatoes and tomato sauce, and simmer on low for 15 to 20 minutes.
Add pasta and cook 10 minutes, until pasta is tender.
Add undrained beans and mix well.
Heat through.
Serve with grated Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top.
In a medium bowl, combine tomato, onion, jalapeno pepper (to taste,) cilantro and green onion.
Season with garlic powder, salt and pepper.
Stir until evenly distributed.
Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Pour the water into a saucepan, and cover with a lid.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then pour in the quinoa, recover, and continue to simmer over low heat until the water has been absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes.
Scrape into a mixing bowl, and chill in the refrigerator until cold.
Once cold, stir in the red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, red onion, curry powder, cilantro, lime juice, sliced almonds, carrots, and cranberries.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Chill before serving.
In a medium pot, saute onions in oil.
Add the split peas, ham bone, and enough water to cover ingredients; season with salt and pepper.
Cover, and cook until there are no peas left, just a green liquid, 2 hours.
While it is cooking, check to see if water has evaporated.
You may need to add more water as the soup continues to cook.
Once the soup is a green liquid remove from heat, and let stand so it will thicken.
Once thickened you may need to heat through to serve.
In a small bowl combine horseradish, brown sugar, lemon juice and ketchup.
Mix well.
Chill in refrigerator.
In a small saucepan over medium heat, stir together the ketchup, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, hot pepper sauce, garlic powder, mustard powder, and salt.
Bring to a simmer, then remove from heat and allow to cool slightly before brushing on your favorite meat.
Add ingredients according to the manufacturer's directions to your bread machine.
Use the wheat bread cycle and light color setting.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Cut each tortilla into 8 chip sized wedges and arrange the wedges in a single layer on a cookie sheet.
In a mister, combine the oil and lime juice.
Mix well and spray each tortilla wedge until slightly moist.
Combine the cumin, chili powder and salt in a small bowl and sprinkle on the chips.
Bake for about 7 minutes.
Rotate the pan and bake for another 8 minutes or until the chips are crisp, but not too brown.
Serve with salsas, garnishes or guacamole.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Add the onions and garlic and saute for 10 minutes, or until onions are tender.
Add the chicken, chicken broth, green chile peppers, cumin, oregano and cayenne pepper and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and add the beans.
Simmer for 20 to 30 minutes, or until heated thoroughly.
Pour into individual bowls and top with the cheese.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Lightly grease a shallow baking dish.
Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir in zucchini, onion, and garlic.
Cook and stir 5 minutes or until tender.
Remove saucepan from heat and mix in tomatoes, basil, salt, and pepper.
Arrange halibut steaks in a single layer in the prepared baking dish.
Spoon equal amounts of the zucchini mixture over each steak.
Top with feta cheese.
Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until fish is easily flaked with a fork.
In a medium bowl, mix mango, red bell pepper, green onion, cilantro, jalapeno, lime juice, and lemon juice.
Cover, and allow to sit at least 30 minutes before serving.
In a large resealable plastic bag, combine the oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, ground black pepper, garlic, and meat tenderizer.
Mix well, and add your favorite meat.
Seal the bag, and marinate in the refrigerator for 4 to 24 hours.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place the cut sweet potatoes into a microwave-safe dish with the water.
Cook on in the microwave for 5 minutes on full power.
Drain off liquid, and toss with Italian seasoning, lemon pepper, salt, pepper, and olive oil.
Arrange fries on a baking sheet in a single layer.
Bake for 30 minutes, turning once, or until fries are crispy on the outside.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan or soup pot over medium heat.
Add the leeks and garlic; saute until tender, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the chicken broth, cannellini beans, bay leaves and cumin.
Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low, and stir in the couscous.
Cover, and simmer for 5 minutes.
Stir in spinach and season with salt and pepper.
Serve immediately.
Place chicken, teriyaki sauce, lemon juice, garlic, and sesame oil in a large resealable plastic bag.
Seal bag, and shake to coat.
Place in refrigerator for 24 hours, turning every so often.
Preheat grill for high heat.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Remove chicken from bag, discarding any remaining marinade.
Grill for 6 to 8 minutes each side, or until juices run clear when chicken is pierced with a fork.
Wet a paper towel, and wring out.
Wrap the ear of corn in the moist towel, and place on a dinner plate.
Cook in the microwave for 5 minutes.
Carefully remove paper towel, and enjoy!
Preheat oven broiler.
Grease broiling pan or line with aluminum foil.
Mix Parmesan cheese, butter, mayonnaise, and lemon juice together in a small bowl.
Season with dried basil, pepper, onion powder, and celery salt.
Mix well and set aside.
Arrange fillets in a single layer on prepared pan.
Broil a few inches from the heat for 2 to 3 minutes.
Flip fillets over and broil for 2 or 3 minutes more.
Remove fillets from oven and cover with Parmesan mixture on top side.
Broil until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 2 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).
Arrange the chicken pieces in a 3 quart casserole dish or a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Combine the salsa, red bell pepper, cumin, lemon juice, chili powder and garlic.
Pour the mixture over the chicken.
Pour the black beans on top and cover.
Bake in the preheated oven for 1 to 1 1/2 hours.
Serve with rice if desired.
In a small bowl, combine onion powder, garlic powder, oregano, basil, thyme, black pepper, white pepper, cayenne pepper, paprika and salt.
Store in an airtight container.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Saute carrots in oil for about 10 minutes, or until tender.
Stir in balsamic vinegar and brown sugar, mix to coat and serve.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat, and cook chicken thighs just until evenly browned on all sides.
Place thighs in a slow cooker.
In a bowl, mix honey, soy sauce, ketchup, garlic, ginger, and reserved pineapple juice.
Pour into the slow cooker.
Cover, and cook 4 hours on High.
Stir in pineapple tidbits just before serving.
Mix the cornstarch and water in a small bowl.
Remove thighs from slow cooker.
Blend the cornstarch mixture into remaining sauce in the slow cooker to thicken.
Serve sauce over the chicken.
Heat oil in a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onion and garlic in oil for 5 minutes.
Stir in wine, sugar, basil, red pepper, tomato paste, lemon juice, Italian seasoning, black pepper and tomatoes; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium, and simmer uncovered about 15 minutes.
Stir in parsley.
Ladle over the hot cooked pasta of your choice.
In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, combine dashi granules and water; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium, and whisk in the miso paste.
Stir in tofu.
Separate the layers of the green onions, and add them to the soup.
Simmer gently for 2 to 3 minutes before serving.
Warm a large skillet or wok over medium heat.
When the skillet is hot, pour in canola and sesame oils, then place whole green beans into the skillet.
Stir the beans to coat with oil.
Cook until the beans are bright green and slightly browned in spots, about 10 minutes.
Remove from heat, and stir in soy sauce; cover, and let sit about 5 minutes.
Transfer to a serving platter, and sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds.
In a cup or small bowl, mix together the unpopped popcorn and oil.
Pour the coated corn into a brown paper lunch sack, and sprinkle in the salt.
Fold the top of the bag over twice to seal in the ingredients.
Cook in the microwave at full power for 2 1/2 to 3 minutes, or until you hear pauses of about 2 seconds between pops.
Carefully open the bag to avoid steam, and pour into a serving bowl.
Bring orange juice, lemon juice, brown sugar, orange zest, and lemon zest to a boil in a saucepan over medium-high heat.
Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.
Remove from heat, and stir in vanilla extract.
Set aside to cool.
Layer the fruit in a large, clear glass bowl in this order: pineapple, strawberries, kiwi fruit, bananas, oranges, grapes, and blueberries.
Pour the cooled sauce over the fruit.
Cover and refrigerate for 3 to 4 hours before serving.
Heat oil in a heavy pan over medium heat.
Saute onion for 10 minutes or so, until it begins to turn golden.
Add minced garlic and saute for another minute or so.
Add lentils and water to the saucepan.
Bring mixture to a boil.
Cover, lower heat, and simmer about 35 minutes, until lentils are soft ( this may take less time, depending on your water and the lentils).
Meanwhile cook the spinach in microwave according to package directions.
Add spinach, salt and cumin to the saucepan.
Cover and simmer until all is heated, about ten minutes.
Grind in plenty of pepper and press in extra garlic to taste.
Preheat grill for high heat.
In a bowl, mix the peanut butter, lime juice, soy sauce, garlic, curry powder, and cayenne pepper.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Place chicken on grate, and brush with 1/2 the sauce.
Grill 6 to 8 minutes.
Turn chicken, and brush with remaining sauce.
Continue grilling 6 to 8 minutes, until chicken juices run clear.
Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Stir in the onion and garlic; cook and stir for 3 minutes, then add the turkey, and stir until crumbly and no longer pink.
Add the butternut squash, chicken broth, green chilies, tomatoes, kidney beans, hominy, and tomato sauce; season with chili powder, cumin, and garlic salt.
Bring to a simmer, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the squash is tender, about 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place pork chops in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a small bowl, mix together the cola and ketchup.
Pour over chops and sprinkle with brown sugar.
Bake uncovered for about 1 hour, or until pork is cooked through and internal temperature has reached 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
In a large pot over medium high heat, saute the oil, onion, bay leaf and garlic for 5 minutes, or until onions are translucent.
Add the peas, barley, salt and water.
Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low.
Simmer for 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
Add the carrots, celery, potatoes, parsley, basil, thyme and ground black pepper.
Simmer for another hour, or until the peas and vegetables are tender.
Place the pinto beans in a large pot, and pour in the chicken broth.
Stir in onion, jalapeno, garlic, salsa, cumin, and pepper.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and continue cooking 2 hours, stirring often, until beans are tender.
Add water as needed to keep the beans moist.
In a large bowl, mix tuna, egg, bread crumbs, green onions, and garlic.
Blend soy sauce, teriyaki sauce, ketchup, sesame oil, and pepper into the mixture.
Form the mixture into about 6 patties approximately 1 inch thick.
Lightly sprinkle each patty on all sides with cornmeal.
Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Fry each patty about 5 minutes on each side, until golden brown.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease one 12 cup muffin pan.
In a large bowl, combine egg, banana, brown sugar, applesauce and vanilla.
In a separate bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt and cinnamon.
Gently stir flour mixture and oatmeal into banana mixture.
Fold in chocolate chips and walnuts.
Pour batter into prepared muffin cups.
Bake in preheated oven or 15 to 20 minutes, or until light brown.
Remove muffins from pan and place on a wire rack to let cool before serving.
Combine beans, water, tomatoes, onion, celery, garlic, ham, bouillon, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, garlic, and bay leaf in a stock pot; bring to a boil.
Lower heat,  cover, and simmer for two hours.
Add additional water.
Season with salt and pepper.
Simmer for an additional two hours.
Discard bay leaf.
Heat olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onion, garlic, and bell pepper; cook until tender.
Stir in mashed beans.
Add the cornmeal.
Mix in cumin, paprika, cayenne, chili powder, and salsa.
Cover, and cook 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Line a 9 inch square baking pan with aluminum foil.
Spray the foil with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, stir together the oats, flour, cereal, and cinnamon.
Add the egg, applesauce, honey, brown sugar, and oil.
Mix well.
Stir in the sunflower seeds, walnuts, and dried fruit.
Spread mixture evenly in the prepared pan.
Bake 30 minutes, or until firm and lightly browned around the edges.
Let cool.
Use the foil to lift from the pan.
Cut into bars or squares, and store in the refrigerator.
Combine the onion, brown sugar, soy sauce, vinegar, thyme, sesame oil, garlic, allspice and habanero pepper in the container of a food processor or blender.
Process until smooth.
Place the chicken into a large resealable bag, and pour in 3/4 of the sauce.
Squeeze out excess air, and seal.
Marinate in the refrigerator for at least one hour.
Preheat your oven's broiler.
Remove chicken from bag, and discard marinade.
Broil chicken for 10 to 15 minutes, turning once to ensure even cooking.
Heat remaining sauce in a small pan, and pour over chicken when serving.
Place the warm water, butter, honey, salt, coffee, cocoa, sugar, bread flour, whole wheat flour, and bread machine yeast in the pan of a bread machine in the order listed.
Put on regular or basic cycle with light crust.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium-low heat.
Cook the garlic and onion in the oil until translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the spinach, garbanzo beans, cumin, and salt.
Use your stirring spoon to lightly mash the beans as the mixture cooks.
Allow to cook until thoroughly heated.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan, and saute onion and garlic until tender.
Mix in broccoli, potato, and chicken broth.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 15 minutes, until vegetables are tender.
With a hand mixer or in a blender, puree the mixture until smooth.
Return to the saucepan, and reheat.
Season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a small bowl, stir together paprika, brown sugar, black pepper, onion powder, thyme, rosemary, garlic powder, and cayenne pepper.
Slice the sweet potatoes in half lengthwise.
Brush each half with olive oil.
Rub the seasoning mix over the cut surface of each half.
Place sweet potatoes on a baking sheet, or in a shallow pan.
Bake in preheated oven until tender, or about 1 hour.
Combine the apples and water in a slow cooker; cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours.
Stir in the brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice; continue cooking another 30 minutes.
In a small bowl, toss the chopped apples in reserved pineapple juice.
Allow to sit for 5 to 10 minutes.
In a large salad bowl, combine the peach pie filling and pineapple chunks.
Remove apples from pineapple juice and add to pie filling and pineapple mixture.
Add chopped bananas to reserved pineapple juice and let sit for 5 to 10 minutes.
Peel and slice kiwi and 1/2 of strawberries.
Chop the other 1/2 of strawberries and set aside.
Remove bananas from pineapple juice and add to pie filling mixture.
Add chopped strawberries; toss together.
Arrange kiwi slices around the edge of the serving bowl and alternate with strawberry slices.
Chill and serve.
In a blender, blend the milk, yogurt, banana, protein supplement, flax seed, honey, and strawberries until smooth.
In a large bowl, combine pork, shrimp, sugar, wine, soy sauce, 1 teaspoon chopped green onion and ginger.
Blend well, and let stand for 25 to 30 minutes.
Place about one teaspoon of the filling at the center of each wonton skin.
Moisten all 4 edges of wonton wrapper with water, then pull the top corner down to the bottom, folding the wrapper over the filling to make a triangle.
Press edges firmly to make a seal.
Bring left and right corners together above the filling.
Overlap the tips of these corners, moisten with water and press together.
Continue until all wrappers are used.
FOR SOUP: Bring the chicken stock to a rolling boil.
Drop wontons in, and cook for 5 minutes.
Garnish with chopped green onion, and serve.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly grease a medium baking sheet.
Arrange potato strips in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet, skin sides down.
Spray lightly with cooking spray, and sprinkle with basil, Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper.
Bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
While the pasta water is boiling, in a large skillet over medium heat, briefly saute garlic in oil.
Stir in tomatoes and their juice and sprinkle with salt.
When tomatoes are bubbly, mash slightly with a fork.
Stir in parsley, reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes more.
Toss hot pasta with tomato sauce, Cajun seasoning, mozzarella and Parmesan.
Place the banana, grapes, yogurt, apple and spinach into a blender.
Cover, and blend until smooth, stopping frequently to push down anything stuck to the sides.
Pour into glasses and serve.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Combine dressing mix and bread crumbs in a plastic bag.
Add chicken and shake until coated.
Place coated chicken pieces on an ungreased cookie sheet and bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear.
Serve with rice or potatoes, if desired.
In a large pot with boiling salted water cook pasta until al dente.
Drain.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet heat oil, add garlic and cook until tender.
Add the zucchini, salt, red pepper flakes, dried basil (if using) and saute for 10 minutes.
Add chopped tomatoes, bay scallops, and fresh basil (if using) and simmer for 5 minutes, or until scallops are opaque.
Pour sauce over cooked pasta and serve with grated Parmesan cheese.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
In a large mixing bowl, mix together the ground turkey, bread crumbs, onion, egg and milk.
Season with balsamic vinegar, salt, pepper and rosemary.
Press into the prepared pan.
Blend together the tomato sauce, brown sugar and mustard; pour evenly over the top of the loaf.
Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until juices run clear when pricked with a knife.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Lightly spray a cookie sheet with vegetable cooking spray.
Place the asparagus and mushrooms in a bowl.
Drizzle with the olive oil, then season with rosemary, salt, and pepper; toss well.
Lay the asparagus and mushrooms out on the prepared pan in an even layer.
Roast in the preheated oven until the asparagus is tender, about 15 minutes.
Place the quinoa in a fine mesh strainer, and rinse under cold, running water until the water no longer foams.
Bring the quinoa, salt, and water to a boil in a saucepan.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, 20 to 25 minutes.
Once done, stir in the garbanzo beans, tomatoes, garlic, lime juice, and olive oil.
Season with cumin, salt, and pepper.
Sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley to serve.
In a large, resealable plastic bag, combine the soy sauce, wine, lemon juice, oil, Italian-style seasoning, ginger, garlic, onion powder, and ground black pepper.
Place chicken in the bag.
Seal, and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours, or overnight.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat.
Thread the chicken onto skewers, and set aside.
Pour marinade into a small saucepan, and bring to a boil over high heat.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Cook chicken on the prepared grill for approximately 8 minutes per side, basting with the sauce several times.
Chicken is done when juices run clear.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan, and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer.
Cover, and bring the water to a boil over high heat.
Add the kale, recover, and steam until just tender, 7 to 10 minutes depending on thickness.
Whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, soy sauce, salt, and black pepper in a large bowl.
Toss steamed kale into dressing until well coated.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Snap the asparagus at the tender part of the stalk.
Arrange spears in one layer on a baking sheet.
Spray lightly with nonstick spray; sprinkle with the Cajun seasoning.
Bake in the preheated oven until tender, about 10 minutes.
Place the steel cut oats, water, apple, raisins, butter, cinnamon, brown sugar, and vanilla extract into a slow cooker, and stir to combine and dissolve the sugar.
Cover the cooker, set to Low, and allow to cook 6 to 7 hours (for firm oats) or 8 hours (for softer texture).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onion and garlic, and cook until onion is tender.
Mix in wine and tomatoes, and continue cooking 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Mix shrimp into the skillet, and cook 5 minutes, or until opaque.
Toss with pasta and top with Parmesan cheese to serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Place chicken in the prepared baking dish, and sprinkle with 1/2 cup of brown sugar.
Place peach slices over chicken, then sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, ginger, cloves, and lemon juice.
Bake for about 30 minutes in the preheated oven, basting often with juices, until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook orzo in the boiling water until partially cooked through but not yet soft, about 5 minutes; drain and rinse with cold water until cooled completely.
Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Cook and stir carrots, celery, and onion in hot oil until the vegetables begin to soften and the onion becomes translucent, 5 to 7 minutes.
Add garlic; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute more.
Season mixture with thyme, oregano, salt, black pepper, and bay leaf; continue cooking another 30 seconds before pouring chicken broth into the pot.
Bring the broth to a boil.
Partially cover the pot, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the vegetables are just tender, about 10 minutes.
Stir orzo, lemon juice, and lemon zest into the broth; add chicken.
Cook until the chicken and orzo are heated through, about 5 minutes.
Add baby spinach; cook until the spinach wilts into the broth and the orzo is tender, 2 to 3 minutes.
Ladle soup into bowls; garnish with lemon slices and Parmesan cheese.
In a large serving bowl, whisk together the red wine vinegar, grapeseed oil, cilantro, lime juice, sugar, salt and garlic.
Set aside.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the soybeans and boil for 3 minutes.
Add corn to the boiling water and continue cooking for 1 more minute.
Drain very well, and pour into the bowl with the dressing.
Gently mix in the cherry tomatoes, green onions and black beans.
Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving to chill and blend the flavors.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook corn in boiling water for 7 to 10 minutes, or until desired tenderness.
Drain, cool, and cut kernels off the cob with a sharp knife.
In a large bowl, toss together the corn, tomatoes, onion, basil, oil, vinegar, salt and pepper.
Chill until serving.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Saute onion until tender and translucent.
Stir in the curry powder.
Add the chopped carrots, and stir until the carrots are coated.
Pour in the vegetable broth, and simmer until the carrots are soft, about 20 minutes.
Transfer the carrots and broth to a blender, and puree until smooth.
Pour back into the pot, and thin with water to your preferred consistency.
Wash and pick over cranberries.
Place in a medium saucepan with water, and sugar.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, stir and simmer for 10 minutes or until cranberries burst.
Slightly mash the cranberries with the back of a wooden spoon to insure all skins are broken.
Add the cinnamon, nutmeg and allspice.
Mix well.
Remove from heat and mix in the blueberries (don't be afraid to break a few, but don't over mash either).
The sauce will thicken as it cools.
Transfer to a bowl, cool slightly and place plastic wrap directly on top of sauce to cover.
Refrigerate until chilled.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Spray a bread pan with non-stick cooking spray, and lightly dust with flour.
In a large bowl, beat eggs and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes.
Beat in bananas, applesauce, milk, oil and vanilla.
In a separate bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
Stir flour mixture into banana mixture, mixing just until blended.
Fold in walnuts.
Pour batter into prepared pan.
Bake in preheated pan until golden and a toothpick inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean, about 1 hour.
Turn bread out onto a wire rack and let cool.
Dissolve yeast in warm water.
Add honey, and stir well.
Mix in whole wheat flour, salt, and vegetable oil.
Work all-purpose flour in gradually.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead for at least 10 to 15 minutes.
When dough is smooth and elastic, place it in a well oiled bowl.
Turn it several times in the bowl to coat the surface of the dough, and cover with a damp cloth.
Let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 45 minutes.
Punch down the dough.
Shape into two loaves, and place into two well greased 9 x 5 inch loaf pans.
Allow to rise until dough is 1 to 1 1/2 inches above pans.
Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes.
Place chicken breasts in slow cooker.
Season with salt, pepper, and Creole-style seasoning to taste.
Stir in tomatoes with liquid, celery, bell pepper, garlic, onion, mushrooms, and jalapeno pepper.
Cook on Low for 10 to 12 hours, or on High for 5 to 6 hours.
Heat peanut oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat.
Stir in the garlic, and cook until the edges begin to brown, about 20 seconds.
Add the green beans; cook and stir until the green beans begin to soften, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the sugar, oyster sauce, and soy sauce.
Continue cooking and stirring for several minutes until the beans have attained the desired degree of tenderness.
Place oats in a small bowl, pour in buttermilk.
Let sit for two hours at room temperature.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Grease 12 muffin cups or line with paper muffin liners.
In a large bowl, stir together whole wheat flour, baking powder, baking soda and brown sugar.
Stir in oat/buttermilk mixture, applesauce and egg; mix well.
Pour batter into prepared muffin cups.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of muffin comes out clean.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Line a 9x13 inch baking pan with aluminum foil or parchment paper, and spray with vegetable oil spray.
In a large bowl, stir together oats, flour, brown sugar, raisins, wheat germ, salt, cinnamon, and walnuts.
In a smaller bowl, thoroughly blend oil, honey, egg, and vanilla; pour into the flour mixture, and mix by hand until the liquid is evenly distributed.
Press evenly into the prepared baking pan.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the edges are golden.
Cool completely in pan before turning out onto a cutting board and cutting into bars.
In a large bowl, combine chicken, oyster sauce and soy sauce.
Set aside for 15 minutes.
Heat oil in a wok or large heavy skillet over medium heat.
Saute garlic and onion until soft and translucent.
Increase heat to high.
Add chicken and marinade, then stir-fry until light golden brown, about 10 minutes.
Stir in water, pepper and sugar.
Add bok choy and broccoli, and cook stirring until soft, about 10 minutes.
Pour in the cornstarch mixture, and cook until sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Grind oatmeal in a food processor or blender.
In a large bowl, combine oatmeal, flour, baking powder and salt.
In a separate bowl, dissolve honey in vegetable oil then stir in the milk.
Combine both mixtures and stir until a soft dough is formed.
Form the dough into a ball and place on a lightly oiled baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven for about 20 minutes, or until bottom of loaf sounds hollow when tapped.
In a large bowl, toss together strawberries, grapes, bananas, and strawberry yogurt.
Serve immediately.
In a large saucepan, heat oil.
Cook onion and celery in oil for 5 to 8 minutes, or until tender.
Add garlic, and cook for 30 seconds, continually stirring.
Stir in beans, chicken broth, pepper, thyme and 2 cups water.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and then simmer for 15 minutes.
With slotted spoon, remove 2 cups of the bean and vegetable mixture from soup and set aside.
In blender at low speed, blend remaining soup in small batches until smooth, (it helps to remove the center piece of the blender lid to allow steam to escape.)
Once blended pour soup back into stock pot and stir in reserved beans.
Bring to a boil, occasionally stirring.
Stir in spinach and cook 1 minute or until spinach is wilted.
Stir in lemon juice and remove from heat and serve with fresh grated Parmesan cheese on top.
In a large bowl, mix soy sauce, honey, distilled white vinegar, garlic powder, ground ginger, vegetable oil, green onions and black pepper.
Place desired meat in marinade.
Marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours before grilling.
In a medium saucepan, heat oil  over medium heat.
Add onion and garlic, and saute until golden brown.
In a small saucepan, stir together milk, chicken broth, flour, salt and pepper over low heat until smooth and thick.
Stir into onion mixture.
Continue to cook over medium low heat, stirring frequently, until the sauce is thick.
Stir in Parmesan cheese.
Meanwhile, cook pasta in boiling water.
Add broccoli to the pasta for the last several minutes of cooking.
Continue cooking until the pasta is al dente.
Drain the pasta and vegetables, and transfer to a large bowl.
Toss with sauce.
Serve.
In a saucepan, mix together the sugar and corn starch; make sure to blend corn starch in completely.
Add boiling water, and cook over medium heat until mixture thickens.
Remove from heat.
Add gelatin mix, and stir until smooth.
Let mixture cool to room temperature.
Place strawberries in baked pie shells; position berries with points facing up.
Pour cooled gel mixture over strawberries.
Refrigerate until set.
Serve with whipped cream, if desired.
In a blender or food processor, combine garbanzo beans, jalapeno, cumin, lemon juice, garlic and 1 tablespoon  of the reserved bean liquid.
Blend until smooth.
In a large bowl, mix together onion, green bell pepper, green onions, jalapeno peppers, garlic, cherry tomatoes, zesty Italian dressing, black beans, black-eyed peas and coriander.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator approximately 2 hours.
Toss with desired amount of fresh cilantro to serve.
Combine the raspberries, sugar, and orange juice in a saucepan.
Whisk the cornstarch into the cold water until smooth.
Add the mixture to the saucepan and bring to a boil.
Simmer for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly, until the desired consistency is reached.
The sauce will thicken further as it cools.
Puree the sauce in a blender or with a handheld immersion blender and strain it through a fine sieve.
Serve warm or cold.
The sauce will keep in the refrigerator for up to two weeks.
In a pot, bring the rice and water to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 20 minutes.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat, and cook the turkey kielbasa until lightly browned.
Mix in onion and carrot, and season with red pepper.
Cook and stir until tender.
Pour in the water and broth, and mix in lentils.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 25 minutes.
Stir the cooked rice and spinach into the soup, and continue cooking 5 minutes before serving.
Place chicken in a large saucepan full of lightly salted water.
Bring to a boil; boil for about 30 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through (juices run clear).
Remove chicken from pan, reserving broth.
Cut chicken into bite size pieces and place in bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a medium bowl mix together cream of chicken soup and cream of celery soup.
Fill one empty soup can with milk, and mix milk with soups.
Pour mixture over chicken.
In a small bowl combine stuffing and broth; mix together and spoon mixture over casserole.
Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes.
Place the peppers, peaches, molasses, mustard, brown sugar, and vinegar into the container of a food processor or blender.
Measure in the salt, paprika, pepper, cumin, coriander, ginger and allspice.
Blend until liquefied.
Pour into clean jars, and refrigerate overnight before using.
Heat a skillet or griddle over medium heat, and coat with cooking spray.
Spread 1 tablespoon of peanut butter onto one side of each slice of bread.
Place banana slices onto the peanut buttered side of one slice, top with the other slice and press together firmly.
Fry the sandwich until golden brown on each side, about 2 minutes per side.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with foil, and coat well with vegetable cooking spray.
Scrub potatoes well and cut into 1/2 inch thick fries.
In a large mixing bowl, toss potatoes with oil, sugar, salt and red pepper.
Spread on baking sheet in one layer.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until potatoes are tender and browned.
Serve immediately.
Place the potato into a small pot and cover with salted water.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes.
Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two, then mash the potato with a potato masher or fork in a large bowl.
Mix the tuna, egg, onion, Dijon mustard, bread crumbs, garlic powder, Italian seasoning, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper into the mashed potato until well-blended.
Divide the tuna mixture into 8 equal portions and shape into patties.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Pan fry the tuna patties until browned and crisp, about 3 minutes on each side.
To prepare lime sour cream, mix the sour cream, lime juice, 1 small minced jalapeno, and salt together in a small bowl.
Cover, and refrigerate.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat.
Cook green onions until softened, about 1 minute.
Stir in garlic, 2 diced jalapenos, and cumin; cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Transfer contents of skillet to a large bowl.
Stir in black beans, and mash with a fork.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Mix in sweet potatoes, egg, and bread crumbs.
Divide into 8 balls, and flatten into patties.
In the oven, set cooking rack about 4 inches from heat source.
Set oven to broil.
Lightly grease baking sheet with 1 tablespoon oil.
Place bean patties on baking sheet, and broil 8 to 10 minutes.
Turn cakes over, and broil until crispy, about 3 minutes more.
Serve with lime sour cream.
Place shredded apples in a medium saucepan over medium low heat.
Sprinkle with cinnamon, then add water and cook until the apple bits become soft and mushy.
Stir in brown sugar and mix well; if desired, top with ice cream and serve.
In a saucepan over high heat, blend raspberry jam, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, tomato sauce, malt vinegar, hot pepper sauce, salt, and pepper.
Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce heat to low, and simmer 10 minutes, or until thickened.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Use a sharp knife to carefully cut away the peel from the squash.
Cut the squash into sticks like French fries.
Arrange squash pieces on a baking sheet and season with salt.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, turning the fries over halfway through baking.
Fries are done when they are starting to brown on the edges and become crispy.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet.
Stir in shallot and green onions; cook and stir for 3 to 5 minutes, or until soft and fragrant.
Stir in garbanzo beans, and season with salt and pepper; heat through.
Place chard in pan, and cook until wilted.
Add tomato slices, squeeze lemon juice over greens, and heat through.
Plate, and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Bring the rice and water to boil in a pot.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 20 minutes.
Place green beans in a pot fitted with a steamer basket over boiling water, and steam 10 minutes, or until tender but crisp.
Heat the oil in a skillet, and cook the chicken 5 minutes on each side, or until juices run clear.
Mix the chicken broth, peanut butter, honey, soy sauce, chile paste, lemon juice in a saucepan over medium heat.
Cook and stir 5 minutes, until slightly thickened.
Mix in the green beans.
Serve over rice.
Garnish with green onions and peanuts.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat.
Saute the onion, red bell peppers, jalapeno, mushrooms, tomatoes and corn for 10 minutes or until the onions are translucent.
Season with black pepper, cumin, and chili powder.
Stir in the black beans, chicken or vegetable broth, and salt.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium low.
Remove 1 1/2 cups of the soup to food processor or blender; puree and stir the bean mixture back into the soup.
Serve hot by itself or over rice.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine cocoa, sugar and water.
Bring to a boil and let boil 1 minute.
Remove from heat and stir in vanilla.
Saute onion, garlic, and apricots in olive oil.
Add lentils and stock.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer 30 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes,  and season with cumin, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste.
Simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir in lemon juice.
Puree 1/2 of the soup in a blender, then return to the pot.
Serve.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Cook and stir the garlic, onion, and carrots in the pot until tender.
Mix in the green bell pepper and red bell pepper.
Season with chili powder.
Continue cooking 5 minutes, or until peppers are tender.
Mix the mushrooms into the pot.
Stir in the tomatoes with liquid, black beans with liquid, kidney beans with liquid, pinto beans with liquid, and corn.
Season with cumin, oregano, basil, and garlic powder.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium, cover, and cook 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Cut peppers and onion into thin slices.
Do not dice, leave slices long and thin.
Saute peppers and onion in a small amount of oil until tender.
Add mushrooms and chicken.
Continue to cook on low heat until heated through.
Stir in dry salad dressing mix and blend thoroughly.
Warm tortillas and roll mixture inside.
If desired top with shredded cheddar cheese, diced tomato and shredded lettuce.
In a medium bowl, combine the paprika, cayenne pepper, ground black pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, oregano, and thyme.
Mix well, and store in a cool, dry place in an airtight container.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
While pasta is cooking, heat olive oil over medium heat in a large skillet.
Cook onions and pepper in oil until lightly browned, 10 minutes.
Stir in corn and heat through.
Stir in black beans, tomatoes, salsa, olives, taco seasoning and salt and pepper and cook until thoroughly heated, 5 minutes.
Toss sauce with cooked pasta and serve.
Cut lemon in half, and squeeze juice from 1/2 lemon on chicken.
Season with salt to taste.
Let sit while you heat oil in a small skillet over medium low heat.
When oil is hot, put chicken in skillet.
As you saute chicken, add juice from other 1/2 lemon, pepper to taste, and oregano.
Saute for 5 to 10 minutes each side, or until juices run clear.
Serve with parsley for garnish.
Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Toss the yams with 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a bowl.
Season to taste with salt and pepper, and arrange evenly onto a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until the yams are tender, 20 to 25 minutes.
Cool to room temperature in the refrigerator.
Meanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir the onion and garlic until the onion has caramelized to a golden brown, about 15 minutes.
Stir in the kale, cooking until wilted and tender.
Transfer the kale mixture to a bowl, and cool to room temperature in the refrigerator.
Once all the ingredients have cooled, combine the yams, kale, red wine vinegar, and fresh thyme in a bowl.
Season to taste with salt and pepper, and gently stir to combine.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Drain, and transfer to a large bowl.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute chicken until firm and lightly browned; remove from pan.
Add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil to the skillet.
Cook and stir garlic, asparagus, and red pepper flakes in oil until asparagus is tender.
Stir in chicken, and cook for 2 minutes to blend the flavors.
Season with salt and pepper.
Toss pasta with chicken and asparagus mixture.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Place the turkey carcass into a large soup pot or stock pot and pour in the water; bring to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook the turkey frame until the remaining meat falls off the bones, about 1 hour.
Remove the turkey carcass and remove and chop any remaining turkey meat.
Chop the meat.
Strain the broth through a fine mesh strainer into a clean soup pot.
Add the chopped turkey to the strained broth; bring the to a boil, reduce heat, and stir in the potatoes, carrots, celery, onion, cabbage, tomatoes, barley, Worcestershire sauce, salt, parsley, basil, bay leaf, black pepper, paprika, poultry seasoning, and thyme.
Simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 1 more hour.
Remove bay leaf before serving.
Heat olive oil in a stockpot over medium heat.
Cook and stir onion in hot oil until softened, about 5 minutes; add tomatoes, garlic, and bay leaf.
Bring the liquid from the tomatoes to a boil, reduce to medium-low, and simmer mixture until tomatoes are softened, about 30 minutes.
Stir red wine, honey, basil, oregano, marjoram, salt, black pepper, fennel seed, and crushed red pepper into the tomato mixture; bring again to a simmer and cook until herbs have flavored the sauce, about 30 minutes more.
Stir balsamic vinegar into the sauce.
In a slow cooker, mix the broth, button mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, barley, lentils, onion flakes, garlic, savory, bay leaves, basil, pepper, and salt.
Cover, and cook 4 to 6 hours on High or 10 to 12 hours on Low.
Remove bay leaves before serving.
Cook pasta according to package instructions.
Heat the olive oil in a nonstick skillet.
Saute asparagus in the pan over medium heat for about 3 minutes.
Add chicken broth and mushroom slices; cook 3 minutes more.
Drain pasta, and transfer to a serving dish.
Gently toss pasta with asparagus mixture; sprinkle with Parmesan and crushed red pepper.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Spray a baking sheet with non-stick cooking spray.
Trim any fat from chicken and cut into 1-inch cubes.
In a bowl, beat the eggs with the water and add the chicken.
Combine the parsley, thyme, red pepper, bread crumbs, wheat germ, basil and pepper.
Stir in the oil with a fork and mix well to distribute evenly.
Pour seasoning mixture into a resealable plastic bag and toss the chicken pieces to coat.
Place coated chicken pieces on the prepared baking sheet and bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 10 minutes, turn the pieces, and bake for an additional 5 minutes.
Fill a large pot about 3/4 full of water and bring to a boil.
Stir in sugar and lemon juice, dissolving the sugar.
Gently place ears of corn into boiling water, cover the pot, turn off the heat, and let the corn cook in the hot water until tender, about 10 minutes.
Bring a large saucepan of water to boil.
Briefly place 6 pounds tomatoes into water to loosen skins and set color.
Drain, peel and crush.
Mix chopped tomatoes, garlic powder, lemon juice, salt, cayenne pepper and cumin into the saucepan with crushed tomatoes.
Whip to desired thickness.
Bring to a boil.
Mix in red onion, white onion, yellow onion, jalapeno peppers and cilantro.
Continue boiling until vegetables are soft and mixture has reached desired consistency.
Remove from heat.
Refrigerate until serving.
To make the dressing, whisk together the ginger root, rice vinegar, orange juice, vegetable oil, sesame oil, soup mix, sugar, and garlic until well blended.
Cover, and refrigerate until needed.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the bowtie pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain, and rinse under cold water.
Place pasta in a large bowl.
To make the salad, toss the cucumber, bell pepper, onion, tomatoes, carrot, spinach, mandarin oranges, chicken, and almonds with the pasta.
Pour the dressing over the salad mixture, and toss again to coat evenly.
Serve immediately.
Preheat an oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Cut away inner ribs from each kale leaf and discard; tear the leaves into pieces of uniform size.
(I made my pieces about the size of a small potato chip.)
Wash torn kale pieces and spin dry in a salad spinner or dry with paper towels until they're very dry.
Put the kale pieces into a large resealable bag (or use a bowl if you don't mind getting your hands oily).
Add about half the olive oil; seal and squeeze the bag so the oil gets distributed evenly on the kale pieces.
Add the remaining oil and squeeze the bag more, until all kale pieces are evenly coated with oil and slightly 'massaged.'
Sprinkle the vinegar over the kale leaves, reseal the bag, and shake to spread the vinegar evenly over the leaves.
Spread the leaves evenly onto a baking sheet.
Roast in the preheated oven until mostly crisp, about 35 minutes.
Season with salt and serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Scrub the potato and prick it with a fork to prevent steam from building up and causing the potato to explode in your oven.
Bake for 1 1/2 hours.
Combine the yeast, whole wheat flour, all purpose flour, baking soda, salt, honey, oil, and buttermilk into pan of a bread machine.
If baking in bread machine use medium temperature setting.
If baking in an oven, use manual or dough cycle to knead dough.
Remove from bread maker, and place in a greased loaf pan.
Let rise until doubled in size.
Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 25  minutes, or until bottom of loaf sounds hollow when tapped.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Grease 2 baking sheets with 1 tablespoon olive oil.
Place the yams, parsnips, and carrots onto the baking sheets.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, then add the zucchini and asparagus, and drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil.
Continue baking until all of the vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes more.
Once tender, remove from the oven, and allow to cool for 30 minutes on the baking sheet.
Toss the roasted peppers together with the garlic, basil, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until combined.
Add the roasted vegetables, and toss to mix.
Serve at room temperature or cold.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan, over medium heat.
Add leek, carrots, zucchini, green beans and celery.
Cover, and reduce heat to low.
Cook for 15 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally.
Stir in the stock, tomatoes and thyme.
Bring to a boil, then replace the lid, and reduce heat to low; simmer gently for 30 minutes.
Stir in the cannellini beans with liquid and pasta.
Simmer for an additional 10 minutes, or until pasta is al dente.
Season with salt and pepper to taste before serving.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).
Place sliced onion and squash in a roasting pan.
Sprinkle with rosemary, salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil; toss to coat.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until onions are lightly browned and squash is tender; set aside.
Increase oven temperature to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
On a floured surface, roll each ball of dough into an 8 inch round.
Place the rounds on a baking sheet sprinkled with cornmeal (you may need 2 baking sheets depending on their size).
Distribute squash mixture over the two rounds and continue baking for 10 minutes, checking occasionally, or until the crust is firm.
Sprinkle with cheese and remaining tablespoon olive oil.
Cut into quarters, and serve.
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, place the vegetable oil and chicken.
Cook the chicken, stirring occasionally, until all pieces are evenly brown.
Stir in the onions.
Cook until translucent.
Drain mixture and set aside.
In a large saucepan over medium heat, bring the chicken broth and green chile peppers to a boil.
Stir in  3 cans great northern beans, garlic powder, cumin, oregano, cilantro and crushed red pepper.
Stir in the chicken and onion mixture, and reduce heat.
Simmer 30 minutes or longer, adding additional beans from the remaining cans for a thicker consistency as desired.
In large saucepan, heat oil over medium-high.
Add onion, cook and stir until tender.
Add beans, tomatoes, oregano and garlic powder.
Bring to a boil; stir in rice.
Cover; reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes.
Remove from heat; let stand 5 minutes before serving.
In a large bowl combine the chicken, bread crumbs, 2 eggs and onion and mix well; if mixture is too dry to form patties, mix in another lightly beaten egg.
Then add parsley, salt and pepper to taste, mix well and form into small patties.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat and fry patties in oil until golden brown.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Oil an 11x7x2 inch baking dish.
Arrange a single layer of polenta in the bottom of the prepared baking dish.
Spread a thin layer of pesto over the polenta.
Spoon half of the sauce over the polenta.
Top with another layer of polenta and sauce.
Bake, uncovered, for 25 minutes.
Turn on the broiler.
Top polenta with cheese and pine nuts, and broil until cheese browns and nuts are toasted.
Rinse and pat dry the broccoli.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, add the crushed red pepper and heat 1 minute.
Cook and stir the broccoli in the skillet until it begins to get crispy, 5 to 7 minutes.
Season with salt to serve.
In a shallow dish or resealable bag, mix together the lemon juice, soy sauce, mustard, garlic, brown sugar and curry paste.
Add shrimp, and seal or cover.
Marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.
Preheat a grill for high heat.
When the grill is hot, lightly oil the grate.
Thread the shrimp onto skewers, or place in a grill basket for easy handling.
Transfer the marinade to a saucepan, and boil for a few minutes.
Grill shrimp for 3 minutes per side, or until opaque.
Baste occasionally with the  marinade.
Heat oil in 4-quart Dutch oven over medium heat until hot.
Add onion and garlic and cook for 5 minutes or until onion is tender.
Add undrained tomatoes, undrained cannellini beans, chicken broth, parsley, basil and pepper to Dutch oven and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally.
Let boil for approximately 1 minute and then let simmer for 10 minutes, covered.
Add pasta to Dutch oven and simmer approximately 10 to 12 minutes or until pasta is tender.
Serve immediately and enjoy.
Place the Russet potato pieces into a large saucepan, and cover with salted water.
Bring to a boil, turn the heat down, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the sweet potato, and cook about 15 minutes more.
Remove a piece of each potato, and cut it in half to see if it is cooked enough.
Once the potatoes are tender, add corn kernels; cook another 30 seconds.
Drain through a colander.
Fill the saucepan with cold water, and drop vegetables into water.
Cool for 5 minutes, and drain.
In a large bowl, whisk together mustard, lime juice, cilantro, and garlic.
Slowly whisk in oil.
Mix in salt and black pepper.
Cut cooled potatoes into 1 inch cubes, and add to dressing along with cucumber, and red onion.
Toss well.
Serve at room temperature or chilled.
Toss the peanuts in just before serving.
In a small bowl, mix together the garlic, basil, and pepper.
Rub over the turkey breasts.
Insert one clove into each end of the turkey breasts, and one in the center.
In a large shallow dish, blend vegetable oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, and brown sugar.
Place the breasts in the dish, and turn to coat.
Cover, and marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours.
Preheat grill for high heat.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Discard marinade, place turkey breasts on the grill.
Close the lid, and grill turkey breasts about 15 minutes on each side, or to an internal temperature of 170 degrees F (68 degrees C).
In a large saucepan combine lentils, broth, onion, tomato paste, garlic and cumin.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and simmer until lentils are soft, 30 to 45 minutes.
Serve with a squeeze of lemon.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Saute chicken and ginger in hot oil until chicken is cooked through, 7 to 10 minutes.
Set aside.
Whisk vinegar, teriyaki sauce, remaining 1 tablespoon oil, and honey together in a bowl.
Add chicken mixture, cherries, carrots, green onion, and almonds; toss to combine.
Spoon 1/12 the chicken/cherry mixture onto the center of each lettuce leaf; roll leaf around filling and serve.
Drain soaking liquid from beans, and place them in a Slow Cooker.
Stir ketchup, water, molasses, onion, mustard, salt, bacon, and brown sugar into the beans until well mixed.
Cover, and cook on LOW for 8 to 10 hours, stirring occasionally if possible, though not necessary.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking dish.
Pierce the sweet potato several times with a fork and cut in half.
Place in a microwave-safe dish; pour water to about 1/2-inch deep.
Cook in microwave 10 minutes.
Arrange the onion, apple, and carrots into the bottom of the prepared baking dish.
Brush the barbecue sauce on both sides of the chicken breasts and lay atop the vegetables.
Peel the sweet potato and cut into large chunks; scatter into the baking dish.
Sprinkle the cranberries over the dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until the chicken is tender and no longer pink in the center, 45 to 55 minutes.
Allow to cool 5 minutes before serving.
In a large pot, combine meat substitute, black beans, kidney beans, diced tomatoes, tomato juice, onions, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, bay leaves, salt and pepper.
Bring to a simmer and cover.
Let the chili simmer for at least 1 hour before serving.
In a large saucepan heat oil over medium heat.
Saute onion, green onion and garlic.
When onions are clear, stir in tomatoes, basil, oregano and sugar.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 12 cup muffin pan.
In a large bowl, mix the whole wheat flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking powder, and baking soda.
In a separate bowl, mix the bananas, egg whites, and vanilla extract.
Mix the banana mixture into the flour mixture until smooth.
Fold in the blueberries.
Spoon the batter into the prepared muffin pan.
Bake 16 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean.
In a 2 quart saucepan over medium heat, combine apples, water, cinnamon, and cloves.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes.
Stir in sugar, and simmer 5 more minutes.
In a medium bowl, mix water, brown sugar, soy sauce, garlic, and cinnamon.
Place desired meat in the mixture.
Cover, and marinate in the refrigerator at least 2 hours before grilling as desired.
In a blender, combine mangos, yogurt, sugar and ice.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into glasses and serve.
Combine lentils and water, bring to a boil.
Lower heat to simmer, add tomatoes, onion, and celery.
Cover and let simmer 45 minutes.
Check every 15 minutes to stir, and add water if necessary.
Add spices last 15 minutes to taste.
Taste and re-spice if necessary before serving.
In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine the onions, celery, carrots, garlic and oil and saute for 5 to 10 minutes, or until all vegetables are almost tender.
Then add the water, fresh tomatoes, canned tomatoes, chicken broth, barley and ground black pepper.
Stir thoroughly and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer for 35 to 40 minutes, or until barley is tender.
Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Grease 12 muffin cups, or line with paper cupcake liners.
Cover raisins with water in a microwave-safe bowl, and microwave on High for 1 minute to plump.
Drain the raisins, and set aside.
Beat the egg with milk in a bowl, and mix in the bran cereal.
Let the mixture stand until the cereal absorbs the liquid, about 5 minutes.
Gently mix in the plumped raisins, flour, baking soda, cinnamon, melted butter, shredded apple, mashed banana, and honey, and stir a few times to mix.
Spoon the batter into the prepared muffin cups, and bake in the preheated oven for about 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean.
Place the garbanzo beans, water, tahini, lemon juice, olive oil, chipotle pepper, garlic, and cumin in the bowl of a food processor;  blend until smooth.
Add the red peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, cilantro, salt, and pepper.
Pulse the mixture until the ingredients are coarsely chopped into the hummus base.
Transfer to a serving bowl, cover, and chill until ready to serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place pasta shells in the pot, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat, and cook the onion and garlic until tender.
Mix in the zucchini, and season with oregano, salt and pepper, and red pepper.
Cook 10 minutes, until tender.
Stir the chicken broth into the skillet, and cook 5 minutes, until heated through.
Mix in the chicken, roasted red peppers, and cream cheese, and continue cooking 5 minutes.
Serve over the cooked pasta, and top with fresh basil and Parmesan cheese.
Rinse snapper under cold water, and pat dry.
In a shallow bowl, mix together olive oil, lemon juice, rice vinegar, mustard, honey, green onions, and ginger.
Heat a non-stick skillet over medium heat.
Dip snapper fillets in marinade to coat both sides, and place in skillet.
Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side.
Pour remaining marinade into skillet.
Reduce heat, and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes, or until fish flakes easily with a fork.
Heat the oil in a large soup pot over medium heat.
Add the onion, carrots, celery and garlic; cook and stir until onions are tender and transparent.
Stir in mushrooms and continue to cook for a few minutes.
Pour in the chicken broth and add barley.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low.
Cover and simmer until barley is tender, about 50 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper before serving.
Heat the canola oil in a skillet over high heat.
Cook and stir the eggplant until soft, about 4 minutes.
Stir in the water, red pepper flakes, and garlic powder.
Cover and simmer until all the water is absorbed.
Meanwhile, mix sugar, cornstarch, soy sauce, and oyster sauce in a bowl until sugar and cornstarch have dissolved.
Stir sauce into the eggplant, making sure to evenly coat the eggplant.
Cook until the sauce has thickened.
In a large salad bowl, combine the brown rice, kidney beans, black beans, corn, onion, green pepper, jalapeno peppers, lime zest and juice, cilantro, garlic, and cumin.
Lightly toss all ingredients to mix well, and sprinkle with salt to taste.
Refrigerate salad for 1 hour, toss again, and serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; cook rotini at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat.
Saute chicken, garlic, salt, garlic powder, basil, and oregano in hot oil until chicken is no longer pink in the middle, 5 to 10 minutes.
Add sun-dried tomatoes and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes.
Remove from heat.
Pour pasta into pot and toss with chicken until combined.
Top with Parmesan cheese.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Spray a cookie sheet with non-stick oil spray.
Arrange eggplant rounds on the cookie sheet and sprinkle Parmesan over the eggplant.
Layer one slice of tomato on top of each eggplant round.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Bake for 10 to 15 minutes.
Bring the quinoa, water, and 1 pinch of salt to a boil in a saucepan.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, about 20 minutes.
Once done, drain a mesh strainer, and set aside.
Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in the garlic, and cook until the garlic softens and the aroma mellows, about 2 minutes.
Add the red pepper, and corn; continue cooking until the pepper softens, about 5 minutes.
Season with cumin, oregano, salt, and pepper, and cook for 1 minute more, then stir in the cooked quinoa and green onions.
Serve hot or cold.
In a small saucepan over medium-low heat, stir together cilantro, garlic, honey, and lime juice.
Heat until the honey is easily stirred, about 5 minutes.
Remove from heat, and let cool slightly.
Place salmon steaks in a baking dish, and season with salt and pepper.
Pour marinade over salmon, cover, and refrigerate 10 minutes.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat.
Lightly oil grill grate.
Place salmon steaks on grill, cook 5 minutes on each side, or until fish is easily flaked with a fork.
Place tomatoes in a kettle, and cover with cold water.
Bring just to the boil.
Pour off water, and cover again with cold water.
Peel.
Cut into small pieces.
Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente.
In a large skillet or saute pan, saute the garlic in enough olive oil to cover the bottom of the pan.
The garlic should just become opaque, not brown.
Stir in the tomato paste.
Immediately stir in the tomatoes, and salt and pepper.
Reduce heat, and simmer until the pasta is ready; add the basil.
Drain the pasta, but do not rinse in cold water.
Toss with a couple of tablespoons of olive oil, and then mix into the sauce.
Reduce the heat as low as possible.
Keep warm, uncovered, for about 10 minutes when it is ready to serve.
Garnish generously with fresh Parmesan cheese.
VARIATIONS:  Saute fresh quartered mushrooms with the garlic, or add shoestring zucchini along with the tomato.
Place the beans and water in a large stockpot.
Add the ham hock, onion and garlic.
Season with chili powder, salt and pepper.
Bring to a boil, and cook for 2 minutes.
Cover, and remove from heat.
Let stand for one hour.
Return the pot to the heat, and bring to a boil once again.
Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for at least 3 hours to blend flavors.
The longer you simmer, the thicker the broth will become.
I like to cook mine for about 6 hours.
Remove the ham hock from the broth, and let cool.
Remove the meat from the bone, and return the meat to the stockpot, discarding the bone.
Adjust seasonings to taste.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Arrange fillets in the skillet, and drizzle with orange juice and lemon juice.
Sprinkle with lemon pepper.
Cook for 5 minutes, or until fish is easily flaked with a fork.
Place bananas, blueberries and  juice in a blender, puree.
Use honey and/or vanilla to taste.
Use more or less liquid depending on the thickness you want for your smoothie.
Finely grate potatoes with onion into a large bowl.
Drain off any excess liquid.
Mix in egg, salt, and black pepper.
Add enough flour to make mixture thick, about 2 to 4 tablespoons all together.
Turn oven to low, about 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Heat 1/4 inch oil in the bottom of a heavy skillet over medium high heat.
Drop two or three 1/4 cup mounds into hot oil, and flatten to make 1/2 inch thick pancakes.
Fry, turning once, until golden brown.
Transfer to paper towel lined plates to drain, and keep warm in low oven until serving time.
Repeat until all potato mixture is used.
Stir together tuna, mayonnaise, green onions, red pepper, and balsamic vinegar in a bowl.
Season with pepper and garlic salt, then pack the avocado halves with the tuna mixture.
Garnish with reserved green onions and a dash of black pepper before serving.
Prick the potatoes with a fork several times, then rub potatoes with olive oil, sprinkle with salt, and wrap tightly in foil.
Place the potatoes into a slow cooker, cover, and cook on High for 4 1/2 to 5 hours, or on Low for 7 1/2 to 8 hours until tender.
In a bowl, gently mix the garbanzo beans, kidney beans, green beans, green onions, and celery.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the vinegar, oil, honey, mustard, garlic powder, black pepper, onion powder, and cayenne pepper.
Pour dressing over the salad, and toss gently to coat.
Cover, refrigerate at least 2 hours, and gently toss before serving.
Place oil and butter in a large skillet over medium heat.
Melt butter and mix in potatoes, mushrooms, pepper, squash, and shallot.
Season with garlic powder, salt, and pepper.
Cook 25 minutes, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender.
Mix kale and sage into skillet.
Continue cooking 5 minutes, until kale is wilted.
Serve and enjoy!
In a large bowl, mix together the chicken and bread crumbs.
Season with green onion, ground coriander, cilantro, chili sauce and lemon juice; mix well.
Using damp hands, form mixture into evenly shaped balls that are either small enough to eat with your fingers, or large enough to use as burgers.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Fry the chicken balls in batches until well browned all over.
Place black-eyed peas in 8 quart pot.
Add enough water to fill pot 3/4 full.
Stir in ham and diced onions, and season with salt, pepper, and garlic powder.
Place tomatoes in a blender or food processor, and blend until the tomatoes are liquefied.
Add tomatoes to pot.
Bring all ingredients to boil.
Cover the pot, and simmer on low heat for 2 1/2 to 3 hours, or until the peas are tender.
Place cherries into a saucepan over medium heat, and cover the pan; heat cherries until they release their juice and come to a simmer, 10 to 15 minutes.
Stir often.
In a bowl, whisk the sugar with cornstarch until smooth; pour the mixture into the hot cherries and juice, and thoroughly combine.
Return to low heat, bring to a simmer, and cook until the filling has thickened, about 2 minutes; remove from heat, let cool, and use as pie filling.
Place onion, raisins, garlic, sesame seeds, chopped chipotle pepper, peanut butter and crushed tomatoes in slow cooker.
Stir in sugar, cinnamon, chili powder, cumin, coriander, nutmeg, and cocoa powder.
Place chicken in the sauce.
Cover; cook on Low until chicken is very tender, about 5 hours.
Place ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer.
Select Whole Wheat or Basic Bread setting.
Press Start.
In a blender or food processor, pulse the tomatoes, green onions, jalapeno peppers, and cilantro to desired consistency.
Transfer to a bowl, and mix in the lime juice, hot pepper sauce, black pepper, garlic powder, and salt.
Place mango, banana, orange juice, and yogurt in a blender.
Blend until smooth.
Serve in clear glasses, and drink with a bendy straw!
In a large skillet over medium heat, warm oil and add chicken; cook until slightly brown.
Add onion and garlic to cook for about 5 minutes or until garlic is golden and onions are translucent.
Add tomatoes, broccoli, salt, pepper and oregano; stir well and bring to a boil.
Cover and turn down heat to simmer for about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until tender; drain and add back into pot.
Pour chicken sauce into pot and mix well.
Add basil and toss well; top with Parmesan cheese.
Serve.
Toast the pine nuts briefly in a dry skillet over medium heat.
This will take about 5 minutes, and stir constantly as they will burn easily.
Set aside to cool.
In a saucepan, combine the quinoa, water and salt.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium and cook until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed, about 10 minutes.
Cool slightly, then fluff with a fork.
Transfer the quinoa to a serving bowl and stir in the pine nuts, lemon juice, celery, onion, cayenne pepper, cumin and parsley.
Adjust salt and pepper if needed before serving.
Mix together green beans, wax beans, kidney beans, onion, sugar, vinegar, vegetable oil, salt, pepper, and celery seed.
Let set in refrigerator for at least 12 hours.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Meanwhile, heat a medium skillet over medium heat.
Pour in oil and saute garlic until golden.
Stir in zucchini, salt and pepper.
Saute 2 minutes, then mix in tomato and cook a few minutes more.
Chop basil and add to vegetables right before mixing with pasta.
Combine pasta and vegetables.
Serve topped with mozzarella.
Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat until almost smoking.
Cook and stir the eggplant cubes until they begin to brown, 3 to 5 minutes.
Remove the eggplant with a slotted spoon, and set aside.
Heat 2 more tablespoons of oil in the skillet over medium-high heat, and cook and stir the onions just until they begin to soften, about 30 seconds.
Stir in the garlic, and cook and stir an additional 30 seconds.
Mix in the soy sauce, water, oyster sauce, chili garlic sauce, sugar, and black pepper, and stir to form a smooth sauce.
Return the eggplant to the skillet, lower the heat, and allow the vegetables and sauce to simmer until the eggplant is tender and almost all the liquid has been absorbed, about 5 minutes.
Drizzle sesame oil over the dish, and give one final brief stir to combine.
In a small, nonporous bowl, combine the garlic powder, ground black pepper, salt, mustard powder, chili powder, cumin, brown sugar, paprika and oregano.
Mix well and apply to meat.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Cover the chicken breasts with garlic, then sprinkle with rosemary, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste.
Place in a 9x13 inch baking dish and bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes or until done and juices run clear (baking time will depend on the thickness of your chicken breasts).
Heat 1 teaspoon vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over medium heat.
Pour in beaten eggs and cook, without stirring, until firmed.
Flip the eggs over and cook for an additional 20 seconds to firm the other side.
Set egg pancake aside to cool, then slice into thin strips.
Heat the remaining vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat.
Stir in cabbage and carrot; cook for 2 minutes to wilt.
Add bamboo, mushroom, pork, green onions, soy sauce, salt, sugar, and MSG; continue cooking until the vegetables soften, about 6 minutes.
Stir in sliced egg, then spread mixture out onto a pan, and refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour.
To assemble the egg rolls, place a wrapper onto your work surface with one corner pointing towards you.
Place about 3 tablespoons of cooled filling in a heap onto the bottom third of the wrapper.
Brush a little beaten egg white onto the top two edges of the wrapper, then fold the bottom corner over the filling and roll firmly to the halfway point.
Fold the left and right sides snugly over the egg roll, then continue rolling until the top corners seal the egg roll with the egg white.
Repeat with remaining egg roll wrappers, covering finished egg rolls with plastic wrap to keep from drying out.
Heat about 6-inches of oil in a wok or deep-fryer to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Fry egg rolls 3 or 4 at a time until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes.
Drain on paper towels.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Season the pork chops with salt and pepper, and quickly sear on both sides.
Remove from heat, and set aside.
Heat the remaining olive oil in the skillet over medium-high heat, and saute the garlic about 30 seconds.
Mix in the tomato, chicken broth, wine, parsley, and red pepper flakes.
Cook and stir until thickened, about 2 minutes.
Return the pork chops to the skillet, and continue cooking 5 to 10 minutes, to an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Serve pork with the tomato and broth mixture from the skillet.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or aluminum foil.
Place squash halves and onion onto the prepared baking sheet.
Wrap garlic in foil and set with other vegetables.
Roast in the center of the oven for 45 to 60 minutes, until the squash is tender.
Remove from oven and set aside until cool enough to handle.
Squeeze garlic cloves out of their skin like paste into a food processor.
Scrape the flesh from the squash and place into the food processor along with the roasted onion.
Puree until smooth.
Add vegetable broth if necessary.
Transfer the pureed mixture to a stockpot and stir in  vegetable broth.
Season with the bay leaf, brown sugar, curry powder, oregano, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste.
Bring to a boil and simmer gently for 10 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in yogurt.
Remove bay leaf and serve hot.
Garnish with fresh parsley if desired.
Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat; cook and stir the onion until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the carrot and garlic, and cook for 5 minutes more.
Pour in the chicken broth, water, and white wine; stir in the potatoes, rosemary, sage, and thyme.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.
Add the cannelini beans, kale, chile pepper, and black pepper, and simmer, covered, for 30 more minutes.
Drizzle olive oil into the slow cooker.
Place chicken breasts on top of oil and season each breast with salt and pepper.
Top chicken breasts with onion slices, garlic, oregano, basil, rosemary, and thyme.
Drizzle balsamic vinegar over seasoned breasts and pour tomatoes on top.
Cook in the slow cooker set to High until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 4 hours.
Rinse lentils thoroughly and place in a medium saucepan along with ginger, turmeric, salt and cayenne pepper.
Cover with about 1 inch of water and bring to a boil.
Skim off any foam that forms on top of the lentils.
Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until beans are tender and soupy.
Meanwhile, in a microwave safe dish combine oil, dried onion and cumin seeds.
Microwave on high for 45 seconds to 1 minute; be sure to brown, but not burn, onions.
Stir into lentil mixture.
Combine the green beans, wax beans, garbanzo beans, kidney beans, green pepper, onion, and celery in a large bowl; toss to mix.
Whisk together the oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, and sugar in a separate bowl until the sugar is dissolved; pour over the bean mixture.
Refrigerate 8 hours or overnight before serving.
Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat.
Stir in the quinoa, onion, garlic, and green pepper.
Cook and stir 5 to 10 minutes until the onion is tender, and the quinoa has lightly toasted.
Stir in the tomato sauce and water, then season with the chili powder, garlic powder, and cumin.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, and the liquid is absorbed, about 30 minutes.
Stir the quinoa occasionally as it cooks.
Heat canola oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat.
Cook garlic cloves in hot oil, turning once, until brown on both sides, 4 to 5 minutes.
Smash garlic cloves in skillet with a fork.
Stir pinto beans, cumin, chili powder, and salt into mashed garlic and cook until beans are thoroughly heated, about 5 minutes.
Stir occasionally.
Smash bean mixture with a potato masher to desired texture.
Squeeze lime juice over smashed beans and stir until combined.
Cook the kale in a large, covered saucepan over medium-high heat until the leaves wilt.
Once the volume of the kale is reduced by half, uncover and stir in the garlic, olive oil and vinegar.
Cook while stirring for 2 more minutes.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
Place chicken in a skillet over medium heat.
Pour in lime and lemon juices, and stir in Dijon, black pepper, and Creole-seasoning.
Cook, turning chicken occasionally, until the chicken pieces are done, about 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Grease a 2 quart casserole dish.
Layer potatoes and onions into the casserole dish.
Combine soup, milk and pepper in a bowl, then pour soup mixture over the potatoes and onions.
The soup mixture should almost cover the potatoes and onion, if it does not add extra milk.
Cover dish and bake in preheated 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) oven for 60 minutes or until the potatoes are cooked through.
At 30 minutes, remove the casserole from the oven and stir once before returning the dish to the oven.
Remove from oven and serve.
Place chicken, water, onion and salt and pepper to taste into a slow cooker.
Add celery if desired.
Set temperature to low and cook for 6 to 8 hours.
When chicken is tender, remove from the slow cooker and tear or chop into bite-sized pieces.
Set aside in a small casserole dish to keep warm.
Turn the slow cooker up to high heat and stir in the frozen egg noodles.
Cook until noodles are tender then return the chicken pieces to the broth.
Adjust seasonings to taste.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake sweet potatoes for 30 minutes, or until soft to the touch.
Remove from the oven, and set aside to cool.
Once the potatoes are cool enough to work with, remove the peels, and mash them, or press them through a ricer into a large bowl.
Blend in the garlic, salt, nutmeg, and egg.
Mix in the flour a little at a time until you have soft dough.
Use more or less flour as needed.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
While you wait for the water, make the gnocchi.
On a floured surface, roll the dough out in several long snakes, and cut into 1-inch sections.
Drop the pieces into the boiling water, and allow them to cook until they float to the surface.
Remove the floating pieces with a slotted spoon, and keep warm in a serving dish.
Serve with butter or cream sauce.
Heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the cumin seeds, garlic, and ginger paste.
Cook about 1 minute until garlic is lightly browned.
Add the potatoes.
Season with turmeric, paprika, cumin, garam masala, and salt.
Cover and continue cooking 5 to 7 minutes stirring occasionally.
Mix the cauliflower and cilantro into the saucepan.
Reduce heat to low and cover.
Stirring occasionally, continue cooking 10 minutes, or until potatoes and cauliflower are tender.
In a medium bowl, mix soy sauce, vegetable oil, sherry, brown sugar, and garlic.
Pour into a large resealable bag.
Place chicken in the bag, and shake to coat.
Marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil grate.
Place chicken on the prepared grill.
Cook 6 to 8 minutes on each side, or until no longer pink and juices run clear.
Discard remaining marinade.
In a large bowl, combine red apple, Granny Smith apple, nectarine, celery, dried cranberries, and walnuts.
Mix in yogurt.
Chill until ready to serve.
In a medium-size mixing bowl, combine tomatoes, onion, cilantro, garlic, lime juice, tomatillo, and salt to taste.
Mix well.
Add 1/2 of the jalapeno pepper, and taste.
If you desire your salsa with more of a kick, add the remaining 1/2 jalapeno.
If you are satisfied with the salsa's heat, do not add the remaining jalapeno pepper.
Cover the salsa, and chill until ready to serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place chicken in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish.
Season with lemon pepper, garlic powder and onion powder to taste.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Turn over chicken pieces and add more seasoning to taste.
Bake for an additional 15 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a saucepan bring  the water to a boil.
Add rice and stir.
Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 40 minutes.
Meanwhile, pour beans into a 2 quart casserole.
Sprinkle with jalapenos, cumin, chili powder and black pepper.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Sprinkle with cheese, green onions and olives.
Bake for 5 to 10 minutes more.
Serve beans over cooked rice.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place the squash, cut side down, in a large baking dish.
Bake the squash in the preheated oven for 50 minutes.
Scrape flesh of squash from the rind using a fork and place in a bowl.
Add the pine nuts, cheese, sage, butter, salt, and pepper; toss to combine.
Serve immediately.
In a medium bowl, mix together the ketchup, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, hot pepper sauce, salt and pepper.
Transfer to a jar and refrigerate until needed.
Place the shredded imitation crab into a glass or porcelain bowl.
Plastic or metal are not recommended.
Stir olive oil into the crabmeat until well coated, then stir in the cilantro, onion, tomato and serrano peppers.
Squeeze the lime juice over everything, and mix well.
Season with plenty of salt and pepper.
Refrigerate for about 1 hour before serving.
In a large bowl, mix together black beans, Mexican-style corn, diced tomatoes with green chile peppers, tomatoes and green onion stalks.
Garnish with desired amount of cilantro leaves.
Chill in the refrigerator at least  8 hours, or overnight, before serving.
Combine soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic powder, and peanut butter in a small bowl.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir frozen vegetables until just tender, 5 to 7 minutes.
Remove from heat and fold in soy sauce mixture.
Soak beans in a large pot of water overnight.
Drain beans, and refill the pot with chicken stock and enough water to cover the beans with 2 inches of liquid.
Season with salt and pepper.
Cover, and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and cook for 1 1/2 hours.
Stir the beans occasionally through out the entire cooking process to make sure they do not burn or stick to the bottom of the pot.
Stir beer, tomatoes, onion, jalapeno peppers, garlic, bay leaves, oregano, and cilantro into the beans.
Continue to cook uncovered for 1 hour, or until beans are tender.
With a potato masher, crush the beans slightly to thicken the bean liquid.
Adjust the seasonings with salt and pepper to taste.
Combine cranberries, cilantro, green onions, jalapeno pepper, lime juice, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a medium blade.
Chop to medium consistency.
Refrigerate if not using immediately.
Serve at room temperature.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Arrange flounder in a medium baking dish.
Dot with butter, season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with lemon juice.
Top with tomato, basil, and garlic powder.
Cover, and bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until fish is easily flaked with a fork.
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Select  Basic cycle; press Start.
In a shallow dish, mix together olive oil, cumin, chopped cilantro, and lime juice.
Season with salt and pepper.
Add chicken, and mix well.
Cover, and refrigerate for at least one hour.
Preheat grill for high heat.
Thread chicken, zucchini, onion, red bell pepper, and tomatoes onto skewers.
Brush grill with oil, and arrange skewers on hot grate.
Cook for approximately 10 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through, turning to cook evenly.
In a large skillet, saute the chicken breasts in butter.
Once chicken is lightly browned on all sides, add the soup (undiluted) and Marsala wine.
Cover and simmer until chicken is no longer pink inside, about 20 minutes.
Ready to serve!
Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
Combine oil, garlic, basil, rosemary, parsley, red pepper flakes, and salt in a large bowl.
Toss in potatoes until evenly coated.
Place potatoes in a single layer on a roasting pan or baking sheet.
Roast in preheated oven, turning occasionally, until potatoes are brown on all sides, 20 to 30 minutes.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in oregano, basil, garlic, and pepper.
Add the garbanzo beans and zucchini, stirring well to coat with oil and herbs.
Cook, covered, for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Stir in mushrooms and cilantro, and cook until tender, stirring occasionally.
Place the chopped tomato on top of the mixture.
Cover, and let the tomatoes steam for a few minutes, but don't let them get mushy.
Serve immediately.
Thinly slice the deer chops and brown them in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat.
Transfer the meat to a slow cooker.
Mix in the ketchup, water, onion, brown sugar, and dry onion soup mix.
Cook on LOW for 6 hours or until tender.
If you want to cook it in a roaster, bake at 350 degrees F, for 1 hour.
In a medium bowl, mix together Fuji apple, strawberries, kiwis, bananas, lime juice, white sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator approximately 20 minutes.
Heat oil in a medium heavy saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Slice flour tortillas into triangles.
Carefully place tortilla triangles into the hot oil and fry until golden brown, 2 to 4 minutes.
Drain on paper towels.
Place white sugar and cinnamon in a large ziplock plastic bag.
Drop fried tortilla triangles into the bag and shake to coat.
Serve the cinnamon chips warm with the chilled fruit salsa.
Heat the oil in a pot over medium heat.
Stir in orzo, and cook 2 minutes, until golden.
Stir in garlic, zucchini, and carrot, and cook 2 minutes.
Pour in the broth and mix in lemon zest.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes, or until liquid has been absorbed and orzo is tender.
Season with thyme and top with Parmesan to serve.
Place beets in a large stockpot with water to cover.
Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes depending on the size of the beets.
If beets are large, cut them into quarters.
Drain, reserving 2 cups of the beet water, cool and peel.
Sterilize jars and lids by immersing in boiling water for at least 10 minutes.
Fill each jar with beets and add several whole cloves to each jar.
In a large saucepan, combine the sugar, beet water, vinegar, and pickling salt.
Bring to a rapid boil.
Pour the hot brine over the beets in the jars, and seal lids.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with water.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then carefully lower the jars into the pot using a holder.
Leave a 2 inch space between the jars.
Pour in more boiling water if necessary until the water level is at least 1 inch above the tops of the jars.
Bring the water to a full boil, cover the pot, and process for 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Clean chicken breasts and season with salt, pepper and garlic powder (or whichever seasonings you prefer) on both sides of chicken pieces.
Bake for 25 minutes, then add cream of chicken soup and bake for 10 more minutes (or until done).
Serve over rice or egg noodles.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place the penne pasta in the pot, cook 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
In a large bowl, toss the cooked pasta with the tomatoes, Italian dressing, basil, red onion, and Parmesan cheese.
In a jar with a tight fitting lid, combine chili powder, paprika, cumin, onion powder, garlic powder, cayenne pepper and cornstarch.
Close lid securely, and shake well to mix contents.
7 teaspoons is equivalent to 1 (1.25 ounce) package of taco seasoning.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a small bowl, stir together crushed rosemary, sage, and oregano.
Rub one side of each chicken breast with herb mixture.
Place chicken herb-side up in a baking dish, and pour broth over the chicken.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes.
Place raspberry preserves in a microwave-safe bowl, and heat for 20 to 30 seconds to soften.
Stir in honey mustard and rosemary.
Spread about 1 tablespoon of preserve mixture over each breast.
Bake 10 minutes more.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in red pepper, yellow pepper, kale and garlic.
Season with basil, cayenne pepper, salt and black pepper.
Cook until vegetables are tender.
In a large bowl, toss cooked pasta with skillet mixture.
Sprinkle with feta cheese to serve.
Place the banana, kale, soy milk, flax seeds, and maple syrup into a blender.
Cover, and puree until smooth.
Serve over ice.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a large bowl, toss together the sweet potatoes, honey, ginger, walnut oil, cardamom, and pepper.
Transfer to a large cast iron frying pan.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven.
Stir the potatoes to expose the pieces from the bottom of the pan.
Bake for another 20 minutes, or until the sweet potatoes are tender and caramelized on the outside.
In a medium bowl, combine tomato sauce, garlic, oregano and basil and mix all  together.
Spread mixture over pizza crust, if desired.
Heat 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large skillet set over medium heat.
Add the chicken, bell pepper, green onion and garlic.
Cook and stir until the chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes.
Remove the chicken to a plate and keep warm.
Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in the same skillet over medium-high heat.
Add the rice; cook and stir to heat through.
Stir in the soy sauce, rice vinegar and peas, and continue to cook for 1 minute.
Return the chicken mixture to the skillet and stir to blend with the rice and heat through before serving.
In a blender, place diced tomatoes, diced tomatoes with green chile peppers, lemon juice, jalapeno pepper, cilantro, yellow onion, hot pepper sauce and garlic.
Blend until smooth.
Chill in the refrigerator until serving.
Place chicken, tomatoes, enchilada sauce, onion, banana peppers, and garlic into slow cooker.
Pour in water and chicken broth.
Season with cumin, chili powder, salt, ground pepper, and bay leaf.
Stir in corn and cilantro.
Cover and cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours, or on High for 3 to 4 hours.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly coat both sides of tortillas with cooking spray.
Cut tortillas into strips, then spread on a baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes.
Sprinkle tortilla strips over soup.
Stir the quinoa in a saucepan over medium heat until it begins to take on a toasty aroma, about 5 minutes.
Pour in the water, and add pinch of salt.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the garlic and onion, and cook until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Add the mushrooms, sweet potatoes, and cayenne pepper; season to taste with salt and pepper.
Cover the skillet, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook until the sweet potato is soft, about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Pour a splash of water into the skillet if needed to keep the vegetables from burning.
Spoon the vegetable mixture over a bed of quinoa, and sprinkle with chopped pecans to serve.
Combine lentils and water in a small saucepan.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, and simmer until tender, about 40 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).
Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
In a large bowl, mix together 2 cups cooked lentils, bread, eggs, broth, tomato paste, basil, garlic powder, black pepper, parsley, olive oil, and dry soup mix.
Spread into prepared pan.
Bake for 40 minutes.
Sprinkle top with dry bread crumbs, and continue baking another 10 minutes.
Let sit for 10 minutes before serving.
Heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Add half of the tortilla strips, stirring often, until crisp.
Drain on paper towels.
Repeat with remaining 1/2 teaspoon of oil and remaining tortilla strips and set aside.
Add the broth, cumin, chili powder and oregano to the pot.
Raise heat to high and bring to a boil.
Add the beans, corn, chicken and salsa.
Reduce heat to low, stir and simmer for about 2 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through and no longer pink inside.
Add the cilantro and half of the reserved tortilla strips.
Ladle into individual bowls and garnish each bowl with some of the remaining strips.
In a large stock pot, combine diced tomatoes, beans, spinach, chicken broth, tomato sauce, water, garlic, bacon, parsley, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and basil.
Bring to a boil, and let simmer for 40 minutes, covered.
Add pasta and cook uncovered until pasta is tender, approximately 10 minutes.
Ladle soup into individual serving bowls, sprinkle cheese on top, and serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add penne pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In small saucepan, saute garlic a small amount of oil.
Combine garlic, olive oil, and pasta in a bowl.
Mix in parmesan cheese.
In a large bowl, toss together the cucumber, corn, tomatoes, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and red wine vinegar.
Season with crushed red pepper flakes, garlic, cumin, cilantro, salt, and black pepper.
Cover, and chill at least 30 minutes before serving.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a small saucepan over low heat place olive oil, garlic and peppers and simmer.
Pour olive oil mixture over cooked pasta and serve with Parmesan cheese.
Bring vegetable broth to a boil in a large pot.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente.
Meanwhile, heat oil in a small skillet over medium heat.
Saute onions and garlic until translucent.
Stir into pasta and add garbanzo beans, tomatoes, basil, thyme, salt and pepper.
Heat through and serve.
In a 1 1/2 pint jar, layer the split peas, bouillon, barley, lentils, onion flakes, Italian seasoning, rice, and bay leaves.
Wrap the pasta in plastic wrap, and place in the jar.
Seal tightly.
Attach a label to the jar with the following instructions: Friendship Soup ADDITIONAL INGREDIENTS:  1 pound ground beef, black pepper to taste, garlic powder to taste, 1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes - undrained, 1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste, and 3 quarts water.
TO PREPARE SOUP:  Remove pasta from top of jar, and set aside.
In a large pot over medium heat, brown beef with pepper and garlic; drain excess fat.
Add diced tomatoes, tomato paste, water, and soup mix.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low.
Cover, and simmer for 45 minutes.
Stir in the pasta, cover, and simmer 15 to 20 minutes, or until the pasta, peas, lentils and barley are tender.
In a small bowl, stir together the parsley, pepper, seasoned salt, garlic powder, onion powder and thyme.
Use as a substitute for Ranch Dressing Mix.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Cut the pumpkin in half, stem to base.
Remove seeds and pulp.
Cover each half with foil.
Bake in the preheated oven, foil side up, 1 hour, or until tender.
Scrape pumpkin meat from shell halves and puree in a blender.
Strain to remove any remaining stringy pieces.
Store in the freezer in freezer safe bags.
Put all ingredients in a food processor and blend until smooth.
Serve (drizzled with olive oil, if desired) with pita chips.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Grease 12 muffin cups or line with paper liners.
Stir whole wheat flour, rolled oats, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and chocolate chips together in a bowl.
Make a well in the center.
Whisk eggs in a separate bowl until frothy; mix applesauce, skim milk, and banana into eggs.
Pour moist ingredients into well made in dry ingredients; stir just to moisten.
Batter will be lumpy.
Fill prepared muffin cups about 3/4 full.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of several muffins comes out clean, 16 to 18 minutes.
Cool in pan for 5 minutes before removing to finish cooling on wire racks.
Place the potatoes in a large pot, and fill with about 1 inch of water.
Bring to a boil, and cook for about 15 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.
Throw in the green beans to steam after the first 10 minutes.
Drain, cool, and cut potatoes into quarters.
Transfer to a large bowl, and toss with fresh basil, red onion, salt and pepper.
Set aside.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the balsamic vinegar, mustard, lemon juice, garlic, Worcestershire sauce and olive oil.
Pour over the salad, and stir to coat.
Taste and season with additional salt and pepper if needed.
Thread the strawberries, cantaloupe, banana and apple pieces alternately onto skewers, placing at least 2 pieces of fruit on each skewer.
Arrange the fruit skewers decoratively on a serving platter.
Preheat your oven's broiler, and grease a broiling pan.
In a saucepan over medium heat, mix together the apricot nectar, dried apricots, honey, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, cinnamon and cayenne.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for about 20 minutes, or until reduced by about half.
Stir occasionally to prevent burning.
Remove 1/4 cup of the glaze for basting, and set the remaining aside.
Place the salmon filet on the greased broiling pan, and brush with glaze.
Broil 3 inches from the heat for 8 to 12 minutes, or until salmon flakes easily with a fork.
Gently turn over once during cooking, and baste frequently during the last 4 minutes.
Serve with remaining glaze.
Preheat waffle iron.
In a large mixing bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, salt and nutmeg.
Stir in milk and eggs until mixture is smooth.
Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray.
Pour two tablespoons of the waffle batter onto the hot waffle iron.
Place two slices of banana on top of the batter and then spoon another two tablespoons of batter on top of the banana.
Cook until golden brown.
Serve hot.
In a medium bowl, stir together the apples, almonds, cranberries, cherries and yogurt until evenly coated.
In small bowl, combine cornstarch and water to form a paste.
In large saucepan over medium heat, stir together soy milk, vanilla, sugar, cocoa and cornstarch mixture.
Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture boils.
Continue to cook and stir until mixture thickens.
Remove from heat.
Pudding will continue to thicken as it cools.
Allow to cool five minutes, then chill in refrigerator until completely cool.
In a medium saucepan over low heat, melt the cranberry sauce.
Cut the cherries into pieces and add them to the melted sauce.
Stir in the pineapple with its juice.
Remove mixture from heat.
In a medium bowl pour the boiling water over the gelatin.
And stir until all the gelatin has dissolved.
Add the gelatin mixture to the cranberry mixture and stir.
Stir in the optional nuts.
Pour into a 9x13 inch pan and chill until set.
In a small mixing bowl, combine tomatoes, onion, garlic, cilantro and lime juice.
Add jalapenos 2 teaspoons at a time, tasting after each addition to see how hot the salsa has become.
Jalapeno peppers vary in heat, so it is important to taste the salsa to ensure you do not make it too hot to handle.
Salt to taste.
Enjoy!
In a saucepan, bring 3 cups water to a boil.
Stir in rice.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute broccoli until tender crisp, and add scallions.
Remove from skillet.
Scramble eggs; return broccoli mixture to pan.
Stir in cooked rice, soy sauce, salt and pepper.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).
In a bowl, toss diced potatoes together with cumin, chili powder, salt, and ketchup, and place in an oiled baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until tender.
Meanwhile, boil tomatillos and chopped onion in water to cover for 10 minutes.
Set aside to cool.
Once cooled, puree with half of the cilantro until smooth.
Fry tortillas individually in a small amount of hot oil until soft.
Mix potatoes together with pinto beans, 1/2 cheese, and 1/2 cilantro.
Fill tortillas with potato mixture, and roll up.
Place seam side down in an oiled 9x13 inch baking dish.
Spoon tomatillo sauce over enchiladas, and spread remaining cheese over sauce.
Bake for 20 minutes, or until hot and bubbly.
Place chicken breasts and broth in to a stockpot or Dutch oven.
Bring to a boil and let simmer for about 20 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through.
Remove the chicken from the broth and set aside to cool.
Put the leeks and carrots into the pot and simmer them for 10 minutes, or until tender.
Shred the cooled chicken in to bite sized pieces and return it to the pot.
Add the cabbage and egg noodles and cook another 5 minutes or until the noodles are soft.
The soup should be thick like a stew.
Serve hot and flavor to taste with Thai chili sauce.
Make the sauce: In a large, heavy saucepan, over medium heat, heat the olive oil.
Place the onions in the saucepan and saute them until they are soft, about 5 minutes.
Add the garlic; cook 5 minutes more.
Place the tomatoes, tomato paste, basil and parsley in the saucepan.
Stir well, turn the heat to low and let the sauce simmer covered for 1 hour.
Add the salt and pepper.
While the sauce is cooking bring a large kettle of salted water to a boil.
Boil the lasagna noodles for 9 minutes, then drain and rinse well.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place the tofu blocks in a large bowl.
Add the garlic, basil and parsley.
Add the salt and pepper, and mash all the ingredients together by squeezing pieces of tofu through your fingers.
Mix well.
Assemble the lasagna: Spread 1 cup of the tomato sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch casserole pan.
Arrange a single layer of lasagna noodles, sprinkle one-third of the tofu mixture over the noodles.
Distribute the spinach evenly over the tofu.
Next ladle 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce over the tofu, and top it with another layer of the noodles.
Then sprinkle another 1/3 of the tofu mixture over the noodles, top the tofu with 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce, and place a final layer of noodles over the tomato sauce.
Finally, top the noodles with the final 1/3 of the tofu, and spread the remaining tomato sauce over everything.
Cover the pan with foil and bake the lasagna for 30 minutes.
Serve hot and enjoy.
In a large mixing bowl combine oats, wheat germ, wheat bran, oat bran, dried fruit, nuts, sugar, and seeds.
Mix well.
Store muesli in an airtight container.
It keeps for 2 months at room temperature.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Arrange the chicken pieces in a 10x15-inch enameled roasting pan.
In a large skillet over medium high heat, fry the potatoes in 1/2-inch-deep oil until golden brown, then put them in the pan with the chicken.
Combine the vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, oregano, parsley, onion, salt and pepper with the 1/2 cup reserved frying oil and pour this mixture over the chicken and potatoes.
Bake in the preheated oven for 1 1/4 hours, basting the chicken and potatoes with the sauce mixture.
Let rest for 5 minutes and serve hot.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute onion with salt and pepper for 2 minutes.
Stir in zucchini and mushrooms.
When zucchini begins to soften, add tomatoes, garlic and Italian seasoning.
Cook until heated through.
Place quinoa in a sieve and rinse thoroughly.
Allow to drain, then place quinoa in a medium saucepan with water.
Bring to a boil over high heat.
Cover pan with lid, lower heat, and allow to simmer until all water is absorbed and quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes.
Mix in apple juice, raisins, lemon juice, cinnamon, and salt.
Cover pan and allow to simmer for 15 minutes longer.
Stir in vanilla extract.
Serve warm.
In a medium bowl, mix together masa harina and hot water until thoroughly combined.
Turn dough onto a clean surface and knead until pliable and smooth.
If dough is too sticky, add more masa harina; if it begins to dry out, sprinkle with water.
Cover dough tightly with plastic wrap and allow to stand for 30 minutes.
Preheat a cast iron skillet or griddle to medium-high.
Divide dough into 15 equal-size balls.
Using a tortilla press, a rolling pin, or your hands, press each ball of dough flat between two sheets of plastic wrap.
Immediately place tortilla in preheated pan and allow to cook for approximately 30 seconds, or until browned and slightly puffy.
Turn tortilla over to brown on second side for approximately 30 seconds more, then transfer to a plate.
Repeat process with each ball of dough.
Keep tortillas covered with a towel to stay warm and moist until ready to serve.
In a blender, blend the kiwi, banana, blueberries, strawberries, ice, orange juice, and yogurt until smooth.
Combine the white vinegar, cider vinegar, brown sugar, cayenne pepper, hot pepper sauce, salt and pepper in a jar or bottle with a tight-fitting lid.
Refrigerate for 1 to 2 days before using so that the flavors will blend.
Shake occasionally, and store for up to 2 months in the refrigerator.
In a blender, combine bananas, frozen strawberries, yogurt and milk.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into glasses and serve.
In a medium bowl, mix together the artichoke hearts, tomatoes, onion, olives, garlic, salt, and pepper.
Serve chilled, or at room temperature, with tortilla chips.
Spray a large saucepan with the vegetable cooking spray over medium high heat.
Add the onions and saute, stirring often, for about 5 minutes.
Add the garlic and chili powder and saute for 2 more minutes.
Then add the chicken broth, chile peppers and cumin, stirring well.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.
Next, add the tomatoes, green bell pepper, shrimp and cod.
Return to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for another 5 minutes.
Gradually stir in the yogurt until heated through.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate.
In a small bowl, mix brown sugar, lemon juice and prepared horseradish.
Heat the brown sugar mixture in the microwave on high heat 1 minute, or until warm.
Score both sides of ham slices.
Place on the prepared grill.
Baste continuously with the brown sugar mixture while grilling.
Grill 6 to 8 minutes per side, or to desired doneness.
In a large pot of boiling water, blanch broccoli for about 5 minutes.
Drain, and set  aside.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute garlic until lightly golden, being careful not to burn it.
Add the broccoli.
Saute, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes.
Broccoli should be tender yet crisp to the bite.
Meanwhile, cook cavatelli in a large pot of boiling salted water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Drain, and place in a large serving bowl.
Toss with the broccoli, and season with salt and hot pepper flakes.
Serve with parmesan cheese.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Season the mahi-mahi with salt and pepper.
Cook the fillets in the hot oil until the fish is golden brown on each side, and no longer translucent in the center, about 3 minutes per side.
Meanwhile, whisk together the sour cream, lime juice, ginger, cumin, cayenne pepper, salt and pepper to taste; set aside.
Gently combine the mango, pineapple, avocado, and jalapeno in a bowl.
To assemble, place a cooked mahi-mahi fillet into the center of a warmed tortilla.
Place a scoop of the mango salsa onto the fish, then drizzle with the sour cream sauce, and finish with a generous pinch of chopped cilantro.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir the garlic in the oil until golden brown, taking care not to burn the garlic.
Add the tomatoes and mix well until they release their juices.
Stir in 1 teaspoon oregano.
Place the cod and shrimp on the tomato mixture; season with salt.
Cover skillet and simmer 3 minutes.
Flip the cod and season again with salt and 1 tablespoon oregano; re-cover and cook another 3 minutes.
Remove the cover and allow to cook until the juice evaporates slightly, 2 to 3 minutes.
Heat a large saucepan over medium heat, and spray with cooking spray.
Saute onions until soft and translucent.
Pour in chicken broth, and bring to a boil.
Add lima beans, and enough water just to cover.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 30 minutes, until beans are tender.
Combine the water, apple juice, and apples in a saucepan.
Bring to a boil over high heat, and stir in the rolled oats and cinnamon.
Return to a boil, then reduce heat to low, and simmer until thick, about 3 minutes.
Spoon into serving bowls, and pour milk over the servings.
Poke each potato with the tines of a fork.
Place the potatoes in a microwave oven, and cook on high power for about 5 minutes.
Check about halfway through, and turn potatoes over for even cooking.
Slice each potato in half the long way and cook potatoes another 2 minutes on high power.
Preheat a grill for medium heat.
Brush the potato tops with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Cook on prepared grill for 15 to 20 minutes, turning once.
Place zucchini and onions in a medium bowl and mix together.
In a small bowl mix flour, cornmeal, salt, pepper and garlic powder.
Pour dry mixture over zucchini/onion mixture, cover bowl and shake well.
Let mixture sit for about 30 minutes; a batter will form on the vegetables.
In a medium skillet heat oil over medium heat.
When oil is hot add breaded vegetables and fry, turning to brown evenly.
Bring a large pot of water to boil, add fettuccine noodles and return water to boil.
Cook until noodles are al dente.
Drain well.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat, add shrimp and cook about 3 minutes, until shrimp turn pink.
Remove shrimp from heat and set aside.
Pour wine and lime juice into the skillet used to cook the shrimp.
Bring the mixture to a boil.
Boil until the mixture is reduced by half, about 2 minutes.
Return shrimp to skillet.
Add cilantro, cayenne pepper and salt and pepper.
Stir to heat the mixture through, about 2 minutes.
Toss with pasta and serve.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a mixing bowl, combine the russet potato, red potato, sweet potato, olive oil, vinegar, thyme, garlic and chicken broth.
Toss well to coat.
Place into casserole dish and roast uncovered for 40 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.
Combine soup, mushroom pieces, onion, chicken, and wine in slow cooker.
Cook on Low setting for 2 1/2 to 3 hours.
In a small bowl, dissolve the yeast and sugar in 1/2 cup warm water.
In a large bowl, mix remaining 3 1/2 cups warm water, honey, molasses, oil, eggs and lemon juice.
Mix well.
Add yeast mixture and stir.
Gradually add 5 cups whole wheat flour beating well after each addition.
Add the flax, cracked wheat and sunflower seeds, stir well.
Let stand for 20 minutes, until mixture is very light.
Stir in salt and the rest of the flours until dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl.
Knead 10 to 15 minutes until dough is smooth and elastic.
Put into a greased bowl and cover, let rise in the oven with light on until doubled, about 1 hour.
Punch down and shape into 6 round balls.
Cover and let rest for 20 minutes.
Form into loaves and let rise covered in oven until doubled.
Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) 25-35  minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Butter a 10 inch pie plate, and sprinkle 1 tablespoon of sugar over the bottom.
Arrange the plum halves, cut side down, so that they cover the entire bottom of the pie plate.
Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of sugar over the top of the plums.
In a blender, combine the remaining 3 tablespoons of sugar, eggs, milk, flour, lemon zest, cinnamon, vanilla, and salt.
Process until smooth, about 2 minutes.
Pour over the fruit in the pan.
Bake for 50 to 60 minutes in the preheated oven, or until firm and lightly browned.
Let stand 5 minutes before slicing.
Dust with confectioners' sugar before serving.
Place the rice and 1 cup water in a pot, and bring to a boil.
Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes.
Place lentils in a pot with the remaining 1 1/2 cups water, and bring to a boil.
Cook 15 minutes, or until tender.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat, and stir in the onion and garlic.
Mix in tomato, celery, carrots, zucchini, and 1/2 the tomato sauce.
Season with 1/2 the basil, 1/2 the oregano, 1/2 the cumin, salt, and pepper.
Cook until vegetables are tender.
In a casserole dish, mix the rice, lentils, and vegetables.
Top with remaining tomato sauce, and sprinkle with remaining basil, oregano, and cumin.
Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until bubbly.
Combine chicken with ground pepper, cheese, parsley, garlic, salt, oregano, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and wine in a shallow bowl.
Marinate in the refrigerator for several hours (overnight is best).
Preheat broiler.
Remove chicken from marinade (save marinade) and place in a shallow pan.
Broil 8 inches from heat, turning once, until chicken is no longer pink inside (about 15 minutes).
In a small saucepan, bring marinade to a boil.
Pour over chicken, toss and serve.
Yummy!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a shallow baking dish.
Scoop out the flesh of the zucchini; chop the flesh and set aside.
Place the shells in the prepared dish.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute onions for 5 minutes, then add garlic and saute 2 minutes more.
Stir in chopped zucchini and mushrooms; saute 5 minutes.
Stir in coriander, cumin, chickpeas, lemon juice, parsley, salt and pepper.
Spoon mixture into zucchini shells.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until zucchini are tender.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Lightly grease two baking sheets.
In a large bowl, stir together whole wheat flour, white flour, rolled oats, baking soda and salt.
Gently mix in the buttermilk until a soft dough is formed.
Knead very lightly.
Divide dough into 4 pieces; form into rounded flat loaves.
Mark each loaf with an 'X' and place on prepared baking sheets.
Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, about 30 to 45 minutes.
In a medium saucepan, bring 2 cups of the chicken broth to a boil.
Stir in couscous and 1 1/2 teaspoons of the olive oil.
Turn off heat, cover, and let stand 10 minutes.
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the chicken, season with pepper, and cook until no longer pink and juices run clear.
Remove chicken from the skillet, and set aside.
Heat the remaining olive oil in the skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the jalapeno peppers and carrot, and saute about 2 minutes.
Mix in the zucchini, green onions, ginger, and 1/4 cup chicken broth.
Continue to cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes.
In a small bowl, blend the remaining 1 cup chicken broth with curry powder, coriander, and cornstarch.
Pour over the vegetables.
Return chicken to the skillet.
Continue cooking about 2 minutes until chicken is coated and the broth mixture begins to thicken.
Serve over the couscous.
In a medium bowl, combine the lime juice, green onions, garlic, cilantro, oil, red pepper, coriander, and anise.
Whisk until well blended.
Pour mixture over your favorite meat, cover, and marinate for 12 to 24 hours before cooking as desired.
In a large pot over medium heat, heat the olive oil, and saute the onion, garlic, bell pepper, and chile pepper until tender.
Add parsley, salt and pepper, basil, oregano, thyme, tomatoes, tomato sauce, water, paprika, cayenne pepper, and juice from the clams.
Stir well, reduce heat, and simmer 1 to 2 hours, adding wine a little at a time.
About 10 minutes before serving, add clams, mussels, prawns, scallops, and cod.
Turn the heat up slightly and stir.
When the seafood is cooked through (the mussels will have opened, the prawns turned pink, and the cod will be flaky) serve your delicious cioppino.
In a saucepan over low heat, mix the brown sugar, chile sauce, rum, soy sauce, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, dry mustard, and pepper.
Simmer 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Cool, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Combine tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions in a salad bowl.
Season to taste with salt and black pepper.
Sprinkle with lemon juice.
Chill.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Arrange frozen Brussels sprouts in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet; sprinkle apple and onion pieces evenly around the baking sheet.
Drizzle the sprouts, apples, and onions with olive oil; sprinkle with salt, black pepper, and garlic powder.
Toss the mixture gently to coat.
Roast in the preheated oven until sprouts are hot and fragrant, about 20 minutes.
Sprinkle with lemon zest, and squeeze juice from zested lemon over the sprouts to serve.
In a blender, combine the strawberries, yogurt, orange juice, sugar, water and cardamom.
Puree until well mixed.
Chill and serve.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Cut 6 foil squares large enough for each fillet.
Center fillets on the foil squares and sprinkle each with dill weed, onion powder, parsley, paprika, seasoned salt, lemon pepper, and garlic powder.
Sprinkle lemon juice over each fillet.
Fold foil over fillets to make a pocket and fold the edges to seal.
Place sealed packets on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 30 minutes.
Season cubed pork with salt and pepper to taste.
Place meat in a large plastic bag with the cornmeal.
Shake well to coat the meat.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium high heat.
Place the coated meat in the skillet and saute for 5 to 10 minutes, or until browned.
Reduce heat to medium.
Pour in the beer, salsa, peaches and beans with 2 tablespoons reserved liquid.
Stir well and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes.
Stir in the cilantro.
Place the green beans into a steamer insert and set in a pot over one inch of water.
Bring to a boil, cover and steam for 5 minutes.
Remove from the heat and transfer beans to a serving bowl.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir together the soy sauce, miso paste, red pepper flakes, garlic and ginger.
Pour over the green beans and toss to coat.
Sprinkle sesame seeds on top.
Cut banana into small pieces and place into the bowl of a blender.
Add the soy milk, yogurt, flax seed meal, and honey.
Blend on lowest speed until smooth, about 5 seconds.
Gradually add the blueberries while continuing to blend on low.
Once the blueberries have been incorporated, increase speed, and blend to desired consistency.
Heat oil over medium-high heat in a large frying pan.
Add onions and garlic; cook and stir until soft.
Mix in breadcrumbs, and cook and stir until brown.
Stir in kale, and cook until wilted.
Serve hot or warm.
Combine egg and milk together in a small bowl, mix well.
In a second bowl, combine flour, cornmeal, salt, pepper and garlic salt.
Dip squash slices first in the egg mixture, then dredge the squash in the dry mixture.
Heat 1/2 inch of oil in a deep skillet over medium heat.
Fry squash until golden brown.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place chicken breasts in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Sprinkle with garlic salt, then pour vinegar over all.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes or until chicken is browned and cooked through, and juices run clear.
Place the potatoes into a large pot with water to cover.
Bring to a boil and cook over medium-high heat for about 10 minutes, or until tender.
Preheat the grill to medium-high heat.
Drain potatoes and toss with olive oil, black pepper, rosemary and salt to taste.
Place the potatoes skin-side down over indirect heat on the grill and reserve liquid.
Grill for about 15 minutes.
Remove potatoes to a serving plate and sprinkle with the reserved olive oil mixture.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onions and celery; cook until just slightly golden.
Stir in carrots and garlic; cook until garlic is slightly golden.
Meanwhile, bring water to a boil over high heat.
Stir in bouillon, and reduce heat to medium.
When bouillon cubes have dissolved, add corn and the vegetables from the skillet.
Cook until vegetables are tender.
Add water, if necessary.
Reduce heat to low, and pour in 1 cup soy milk.
Stir soup well, then stir in remaining 1 cup soy milk.
Quickly whisk in flour.
Stir in parsley, garlic powder, salt, and pepper.
Cook, stirring constantly, until chowder thickens, about 15 to 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease and flour a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
In a large bowl, stir together flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and white sugar.
Stir in eggs, applesauce, bananas and vanilla extract.
Fold in raisins and nuts if desired.
Pour batter into prepared pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 to 60 minutes, until a knife inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean.
Place tomatillos in a nonreactive saucepan with enough water to cover.
Bring to a boil.
Simmer until tomatillos soften and begin to burst, about 10 minutes.
Drain tomatillos and place in a food processor or blender with onion, garlic, jalapeno peppers, cilantro, salt and pepper.
Blend to desired consistency.
Mix together flour, 1 cup sugar, baking powder, and egg.
The mixture will look like cornmeal.
Peel, core, and slice the apples.
Mix together with 1/2 tablespoon cinnamon.
Place apples in a greased 8 inch square pan.
Spread flour mixture over the apples.
Mix together 1 tablespoon cinnamon and 1/4 cup sugar; sprinkle over the top of the crisp.
Drizzle with butter or margarine.
Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for one hour.
Serve warm.
Mix together oats and milk in a microwave-safe bowl.
Cook on high for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring once.
Add more milk or oats to achieve the desired consistency, and cook for another 30 seconds.
Stir in pumpkin puree, pumpkin pie spice, and cinnamon sugar.
Heat through, and serve.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add garlic, and cook for a few minutes, stirring constantly.
Pour in the tomatoes with their juices, and simmer until the liquid has reduced by about 1/2.
Place the broccoli on top of the tomatoes, and season with a little salt and pepper.
Cover, and simmer over low heat for 10 minutes, or until the broccoli is tender.
Do not over cook the broccoli, it should be a vibrant green.
Pour into a serving dish, and toss to blend with the sauce before serving.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Line a 13x9-inch pan with lightly-greased parchment paper; an inch or so of parchment paper should stick up on 2 sides to form lifting handles.
Mix the quick-cooking oats, old-fashioned oats, pumpkin seeds, almonds, mixed nuts, cranberries, and sweetened condensed milk together in a bowl; spread into the prepared pan, evenly pressing into the corners and out to the sides.
Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are golden brown, 20-25 minutes, using slightly less time for chewier bars and slightly more time for crunchier bars.
Allow the the bars cool for 5 minutes in the pan before using the parchment paper to lift them from the pan.
Use a sharp knife to cut into bars.
Let the bars cool completely and store in an airtight container.
Grind onion, tomato, ginger, garlic, and chile pepper together in a food processor into a paste.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Fry bay leaves in hot oil until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Pour the paste into the skillet and cook until the oil begins to separate from the mixture and is golden brown in color, 2 to 3 minutes.
Season the mixture with chili powder, coriander, powder, gram masala, turmeric, and salt; cook and stir until very hot, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir enough water into the mixture to get a thick gravy; bring to a boil and stir chickpeas into the gravy.
Reduce heat to medium and cook until the chickpeas are heated through, 5 to 7 minutes.
Garnish with cilantro.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and saute the chile, leek, and garlic until tender and lightly browned.
Season with salt and pepper.
Mix the chicken broth and tomatoes into the skillet, and season with cumin.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low.
Place the halibut into the mixture.
Sprinkle with lime juice.
Cook 15 to 20 minutes until the halibut is easily flaked with a fork.
Wrap in warmed corn tortillas to serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil, and cook the penne pasta 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a skillet over medium heat, cook and stir the escarole, cannellini beans and liquid, and diced tomatoes with garlic and onion until heated through.
Season with salt and pepper.
Toss with the cooked pasta to serve.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease two 9x5 inch loaf pans.
In a large bowl, mix together the spelt flour, sesame seeds, salt, molasses, baking soda and milk until well blended.
Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans.
Bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden.
Placing a tin of the same size over the top of the loaf while baking gives it a lovely crust.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the sugar snap peas, green onion, and garlic.
Season with salt and pepper.
Stir-fry for 4 minutes, then remove from heat and stir in the mint leaves.
Dissolve cornstarch in 1/4 cup water, and set aside.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, bring chicken broth to a boil.
Add Brussels sprouts, and cook until tender.
Strain, reserving chicken broth, and place Brussels sprouts in a warm serving dish.
Return chicken broth to stove, stir in mustard and lemon juice, and return to boil.
Add cornstarch mixture.
Cook and stir until thickened.
Pour over Brussels sprouts to serve.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Add potatoes, and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes.
Drain, and transfer to a large bowl.
Place eggs in a medium saucepan, and cover completely with cold water.
Bring water to a boil.
Cover, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes.
Remove from hot water, and peel under cold, running water.
Chop, and set aside.
Stir the eggs, celery, green bell pepper, sweet pickle cubes, prepared mustard, mayonnaise, onion and white sugar into the potatoes.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Cover, and chill in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours before serving.
In a large saute pan, heat oil over low heat.
Add onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is tender.
Stir in capers, tomatoes, lemon juice, and parsley.
Season with red pepper flakes to taste.
Simmer gently for 3 minutes to thicken sauce.
Fold in tuna, and heat through.
While sauce is cooking, add pasta to a large pot of rapidly boiling water; cook till just tender.
Drain well.
Toss pasta with sauce, and serve.
Husk the corn and slice the kernels from the cob.
In a large bowl, mix together the corn, tomato, zucchini, cucumber, onion and red bell pepper.
Pour dressing over vegetables and toss to coat.
Refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour.
Place the lentils and water in a large pot, and mix in the vegetable bouillon.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes.
Stir the tomatoes, onion, carrot, apple, peas, garlic, olive oil, barbeque sauce, and paprika into the pot.
Continue to simmer 20 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper to serve.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Stir together olive oil, maple syrup, and cayenne pepper in a small bowl.
Brush the sweet potato slices with the maple mixture and place onto the prepared baking sheet.
Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste.
Bake in preheated oven for 8 minutes, then turn the potato slices over, brush with any remaining maple mixture, and continue baking until tender in the middle, and crispy on the edges, about 7 minutes more.
In a large bowl, stir together  potatoes, eggs, onion, flour, salt and pepper.
In a large skillet, heat oil over medium high heat.
Drop large spoonfuls of the potato batter into the skillet and flatten cakes slightly with a spatula.
Cook for about 4 minutes on each side, until golden brown.
Serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
In a large bowl, mix soy sauce, oyster sauce, garlic, and pepper.
Place Cornish game hens in the mixture, and marinate 10 minutes.
Transfer hens to a medium baking dish, and cover with the marinade mixture.
Cover dish, and bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven.
Remove cover from dish, and place 1/2 the butter on each hen.
Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Basting frequently with the marinade mixture, continue baking 30 minutes, or until exterior of the hens is lightly browned and crisp, the interior is no longer pink, and juices run clear.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease and flour a 9x5 inch loaf pan, knocking out excess flour.
In a large bowl, whisk together whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour, baking soda, and brown sugar.
Mix in molasses and buttermilk until just combined.
Pour batter into prepared pan.
Bake for one hour, or until done.
Cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes, and then remove from pan.
Cool completely before slicing.
Bring a large pot of lightly-salted water to a boil; sprinkle the turmeric over the boiling water and stir in the orzo; return to a boil.
Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 11 minutes; drain.
Scrape into a mixing bowl and set aside.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Cook the garlic in the hot oil for a few seconds until it begins to bubble.
Stir the kale into the garlic, cover the skillet with a lid, and cook for 10 minutes.
Remove the cover and continue cooking and stirring until the kale is tender, about 10 minutes more.
Stir the kale mixture into the orzo along with the lemon juice, nutmeg, and Parmesan cheese.
Season with salt and pepper.
Serve warm or at room temperature.
Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place the beet, carrot, onion, potatoes, garlic, and garbanzo beans into a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Drizzle with the olive oil, then season with thyme, salt, and pepper.
Mix well.
Bake, uncovered, in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, stirring once midway through baking.
Remove the baking dish from the oven, and stir in the wine.
Return to the oven, and bake until the wine has mostly evaporated and the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes more.
Stir in the beet greens, allowing them to wilt from the heat of the vegetables.
Season to taste with salt and pepper before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spray an unheated medium skillet with no-stick spray.
Heat the skillet over medium heat.
Add the mushrooms and cook about 5 minutes or until the liquid released from the mushrooms has evaporated, stirring occasionally.
Add the spinach to the skillet.
Cook and stir about 2 minutes or until spinach is wilted.
Remove from the heat and drain excess moisture.
Sprinkle the feta cheese over the vegetables, then stir it in.
To assemble the fish rolls, place one-quarter of the spinach mixture onto the wide end of each filet.
Carefully roll the filet around the spinach mixture.
Use wooden toothpicks to hold the end of each roll in place.
Spray an 8x8 inch baking dish with non-stick spray.
Place the fish rolls, seam side down, in the baking dish.
Add 2 tablespoons of water.
Loosely cover with foil.
Bake in a preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork and is opaque all the way through.
Lightly grease cookie sheets.
Insert craft sticks into whole, stemmed apples.
In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, combine sugar, corn syrup and water.
Heat to 300 to 310 degrees F (149 to 154 degrees C), or until a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms hard, brittle threads.
Remove from heat and stir in food coloring.
Holding apple by its stick, dip in syrup and remove and turn to coat evenly.
Place on prepared sheets to harden.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until done; drain.
In a small bowl, combine olive oil, lemon juice, basil and black pepper.
Mix well and toss with the pasta.
Serve hot or cold.
In a small pan over medium heat, combine the orange zest and water.
Cover and bring to boil.
Reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes.
Drain, reserving zest and 1/3 cup liquid.
To the reserved liquid, add the sugar, orange juice and lemon juice.
Bring to boil; reduce heat and simmer for 3 minutes uncovered, stirring often.
Add cranberries; increase heat to medium-high and boil for about 10 minutes or until the cranberries have popped and a small spoonful of sauce sets on a cold plate.
Remove from heat, stir in brandy.
Pour into 4 1/2 pint jars leaving 1/2 inch space from top.
Place lids onto jars, and store in the refrigerator for up to two weeks.
Preheat grill for high heat.
Lightly oil grate.
Grill chicken 10 minutes on each side, or until juices run clear.
Remove from heat, cool, and cube.
In a large bowl, toss together the chicken, celery, red bell pepper, onion, and corn.
In a small bowl, mix together the barbeque sauce and mayonnaise.
Pour over the chicken and veggies.
Stir, and chill until ready to serve.
Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water with vegetable oil until al dente.
Meanwhile, place the shrimp in boiling salted water for 3 to 5 minutes, just until they turn pink.
Cooking time will depend on the size of the shrimp.
Remove the tails, and place in a bowl of warm water.
In a microwave safe bowl, mix butter or margarine and minced garlic.
Microwave on high for 45 seconds, or until melted.
Stir.
Drain pasta, and transfer to a serving dish.
Toss with garlic butter and shrimp.
Sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese.
Serve warm.
Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water until done.
Drain.
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a frying pan over medium low heat.
Add pesto, onion, and salt and pepper.
Cook about five minutes, or until onions are soft.
In a large bowl, mix pesto mixture into pasta.
Stir in grated cheese.
Serve.
In a blender, combine banana, chocolate syrup, milk and crushed ice.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into glasses and serve.
Heat oil in non-stick saucepan over medium heat.
Cook shallots and garlic gently until fragrant, but not brown.
Stir in black bean sauce, rice wine, and soy sauce.
Bring to boil and cook until reduced by half.
Remove from heat, and stir in vinegar; set aside.
Pat fish dry.
Rub with sesame oil and sprinkle with pepper.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil grate.
Grill fish for about 5 minutes per side, or just until cooked through.
Sprinkle with cilantro.
Serve with sauce poured over top.
Toast seeds on a baking sheet in a 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 4 minutes; let cool completely.
This step is optional.
The seeds can be added untoasted.
Place ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer.
Select Basic bread cycle, and Start.
Combine the dressing, garlic and basil in a large resealable plastic bag.
Add chicken pieces, turning them to coat.
Squeeze out air and seal bag.
Place in refrigerator for 1/2 hour.
Preheat grill to medium heat.
Grill chicken breasts for 6 to 8 minutes on each side, turning occasionally, until juices run clear when pierced with a fork.
In a saucepan over medium heat, mix applesauce, ketchup, brown sugar, lemon juice, salt, pepper, paprika, garlic powder, and cinnamon.
Bring mixture to a boil.
Remove from heat, and cool completely.
Use to baste the meat of your choice.
Place all ingredients into the pan of the bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer.
Press Start.
Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, and stir in mushrooms, onion, celery, and garlic.
Saute until tender.
Mix barley and vegetable broth into the saucepan.
Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce heat.
Simmer 45 to 50 minutes, until barley is tender.
Stir white beans into the barley mixture.
Continue cooking about 5 minutes, until beans are heated.
Squeeze ketchup into a bowl.
Pour in steak sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and lemon juice.
Stir in horseradish, hot pepper sauce, and salt, and mix well.
In a large bowl, combine cabbage, carrot, onion, vegetable oil, vinegar and sugar.
Stir until the ingredients are well mixed.
Chill in the refrigerator until serving.
Mash tuna in a small bowl with a fork.
Add mayonnaise, pickle relish, mustard, celery, onion, and black pepper; stir to combine.
Chill and serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the beet greens, and cook uncovered until tender, about 2 minutes.
Drain in a colander, then immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes until cold to stop the cooking process.
Once the greens are cold, drain well, and coarsely chop.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the garlic and red pepper flakes; cook and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Stir in the greens until oil and garlic is evenly distributed.
Season with salt and pepper.
Cook just until greens are hot; serve with lemon wedges.
Preheat a skillet over medium heat.
Lightly brush one side of each slice of bread with the olive oil.
Place 1 slice of bread, olive oil side down into the skillet, and arrange the apple slices evenly over the top.
Sprinkle the Swiss cheese over the apple, then top with the remaining slice of bread, olive oil-side up.
Cook until the bread is golden brown, then flip the sandwich over, and cook until the other side is golden brown and the cheese has melted, 1 to 2 more minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan.
Press brown sugar in the bottom of prepared loaf pan and spread ketchup over sugar.
Mix ground beef, milk, eggs, salt, ground pepper, onion, ginger, bread crumbs, and parsley thoroughly in a mixing bowl.
Shape into a loaf and place on top of ketchup.
Bake in preheated oven until no longer pink in the center, about 1 hour.
An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Select the Basic cycle, and press Start.
In a large bowl, toss pineapple, orange, kiwi, grapes and strawberries.
In a small cup or bowl, combine lime zest, lime juice, honey, poppy seeds and 1/4 cup reserved pineapple juice.
Stir well and toss with fruit.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Stir in the garlic and orzo pasta; cook and stir until pasta turns a light, golden color, about 5 minutes.
Stir in zucchini and carrots; cook until vegetables soften, about 2 minutes.
Stir in the tomatoes, vegetable broth, Italian seasoning, and basil.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Reduce heat to medium.
Cover, and simmer until almost all liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes.
Stir in the green onions, parsley, lime zest, and lime juice.
Remove from heat, cool slightly, and serve sprinkled with Parmesan cheese.
Place the beans in a large saucepan, and cover with an inch of water.
Place over high heat, and bring to a boil.
When the beans have come to a boil, drain, and return them to the same pot.
Cover the beans with 2 inches of water, and stir in 1 tablespoon of garlic, the tomato, cumin, and chili powder.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to low, and simmer until the beans are very soft, about 3 hours and 45 minutes, adding water as needed.
Once the beans have cooked, mash them with the remaining tablespoon of garlic, the oil, and salt to taste; use additional water as needed to achieve desired consistency.
Place over low heat for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Serve.
In a large bowl, toss together pineapple, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, corn, black beans, onions, green chile peppers, orange juice, and cilantro.
Season with cumin, salt, and pepper.
Cover, and chill in the refrigerator until serving.
Place strawberries in a plastic container and freeze for about an hour.
In a blender, combine frozen strawberries, yogurt and orange juice.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into a tall glass and serve.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the onion and garlic; cook and stir until onion is translucent.
Stir in the chili powder and cumin, and cook for about 30 seconds.
Add the rice, chicken broth and tomato paste, and bring to a boil.
Transfer to a 1 quart casserole dish, and cover with aluminum foil or a lid.
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until liquid has been absorbed and rice is tender.
Let rest for 3 to 5 minutes before serving.
Cook the lentils by boiling or pressure cooking until lentils are soft.
(Pressure cooking is faster.)
In a skillet heat the oil and add mustard seeds.
When mustard seeds begin to flutter, add onions, ginger, jalapeno peppers, and garlic.
Saute until the onions and garlic are golden brown.
Add coriander and cumin.
Add chopped tomatoes.
Saute the mixture well until tomatoes are well cooked.
Add water.
Boil 6 minutes.
Add cooked lentils, stirring well.
Add salt to taste, stirring well.
Add finely chopped cilantro and remove from heat.
Serve hot.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, mix together flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg; set aside.
In a large bowl, combine eggs, pumpkin, sugar, applesauce, vegetable oil, and almond extract.
Slowly add the flour mixture to the large bowl until just blended.
Do not over beat.
Pour the batter into 18 nonstick muffin cups.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes.
Remove muffins from the oven, and let cool slightly.
Remove the muffins from the pan, and let cool completely.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place walnuts on a baking sheet.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until they release their aroma.
Stir once or twice for even toasting.
Heat oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium-high heat.
Saute onion and mushrooms until tender and golden brown.
Pour in broth, and bring to a boil.
Stir in orzo, reduce heat to low, and cover.
Simmer until orzo is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes.
If after 15 minutes there is still liquid, remove cover, and cook until liquid is gone.
Remove from heat, and stir in walnuts.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place chicken in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish and pierce with a fork.
Layer cranberry sauce and pineapple over chicken and sprinkle with cinnamon.
Cover dish and bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes.
Remove cover and bake for another 15 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through (juices run clear).
In a medium saucepan, stir together the water and sugar over medium-high heat.
Bring to a boil.
Stir in pears, and reduce heat to medium.
Cook, stirring frequently for 3 minutes, then stir in cranberries and honey.
Continue to cook until cranberries pop and the mixture thickens slightly, about 5 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in the lemon juice and lemon zest.
Cool to room temperature, then store covered in the refrigerator for up to one week.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
Add rice noodles, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until al dente; do not overcook, or they will become mushy.
Drain.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute garlic until tender.
Stir in noodles, and season with soy sauce, chili sauce, salt and pepper.
Sprinkle top with chopped green onion.
Season the shrimp with salt, pepper and cayenne to taste and set aside.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Add the okra and saute for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add the tomato paste, tomato, onion, garlic, celery and green bell pepper and saute for 15 more minutes.
Add the water and season to taste.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer for 45 minutes.
Add the shrimp and simmer for 20 more minutes.
Finally, add the green onion to the soup and stir thoroughly.
Combine the cranberries, water, white sugar, and brown sugar in a saucepan.
Bring to a boil over high heat; cook uncovered for 5 minutes.
Spoon off any foam that forms.
Serve hot or cold.
Place apples in a large saucepan and just barely cover with water.
Simmer over medium-low heat until apples are tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
Run cooked apples through a food mill or blender.
Stir in the sugar and lemon juice.
Cook over medium heat for about 3 to 5 minutes.
In a small jar with a tight-fitting cover, combine the orange juice, vinegar, mustard, honey and pepper.
Cover and shake well until combined.
To store, refrigerate for up to 1 week.
Shake well before serving.
In a slow cooker, combine the chicken, bacon bits, olives, tomatoes, mushrooms, gravy mix, wine, mustard, and vinegar.
Mix together.
Cover slow cooker, and cook on Low setting for 6 to 8 hours.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in lentils, onion, cabbage, and garlic; cook until tender.
Stir in sausage and tomatoes.
Crumble vegetable cubes over mixture and pour in water.
Stir in bay leaf, thyme, and cayenne pepper.
Bring to a boil; cover, and simmer until lentils are tender, about 30 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Place chicken and gravy into a slow cooker.
Season with paprika, seasoning blend and soy sauce.
Cook on high for 4 hours or for 6 to 8 hours on medium.
Tear chicken into pieces.
Serve over rice, noodles or potatoes.
Place ice cubes, pineapple, banana, and pineapple juice into the bowl of a blender.
Puree on high until smooth.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and reserve.
Meanwhile, season chicken with salt and pepper, basil, rosemary, Cajun seasoning, and red pepper flakes.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat; add chicken and cook until browned.
Remove chicken from skillet and stir in garlic and onions; cook and stir until clear.
Return chicken to skillet over onion mixture and add broth.
Simmer until chicken is cooked through and no longer pink inside; spread mixture over pasta and serve.
Spray a large skillet with nonstick cooking spray.
Brown chicken in heated skillet.
Add chicken broth, jam and soy sauce.
Simmer for 20 minutes or until chicken is done (no longer pink in the center).
Remove chicken from skillet.
Add 1 tablespoon cornstarch and 1 tablespoon water to sauce to thicken (equal amounts more of each if you like it thicker).
Return chicken to skillet and turn to coat thoroughly with sauce.
In a slow cooker, combine butternut squash, eggplant, zucchini, okra, tomato sauce, onion, tomato, carrot, broth, raisins, and garlic.
Season with cumin, turmeric, red pepper, cinnamon, and paprika.
Cover, and cook on Low for 8 to 10 hours, or until vegetables are tender.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 5x9 inch loaf pan.
In a bowl, mix 1/2 the barbeque sauce with the vegetarian burger crumbles, green bell pepper, onion, garlic, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, and egg.
Season with thyme, basil, parsley, salt, and pepper.
Transfer to the loaf pan.
Bake 45 minutes in the preheated oven.
Pour remaining barbeque sauce over the loaf, and continue baking 15 minutes, or until loaf is set.
Place eggplant strips in a big pot of lightly salted water and soak for 30 minutes (this will improve the taste; they will leave a brown color in the pot).
Remove eggplant from pot and brush lightly with olive oil.
Saute or grill until lightly browned and place in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Set aside.
Saute diced chicken and onion in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in tomato paste and water, cover skillet, reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Pour chicken/tomato mixture over eggplant.
Season with oregano, salt and pepper and cover with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes.
Place a large, heavy bottomed pot over medium heat.
Stir in the cumin, ginger, cloves, cayenne, cardamom, coriander, and allspice; gently toast until fragrant, about 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in oil and onion, cook until softened.
Stir in the bell pepper, and zucchini; cook for 5 minutes.
Stir in the raisins, salt, zest, and garbanzos.
Pour in the chicken broth and orange juice; turn heat to high and bring to a boil.
When the mixture is boiling, stir in the couscous and remove from heat; cover, and let stand 5 minutes.
Fluff with a fork, and fold in chopped mint.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in quinoa and allow to toast for 2 to 3 minutes, then add chicken broth, soy sauce, ginger and garlic.
Increase heat and bring to a boil.
Cover and reduce heat to low.
Simmer  until all liquid has been absorbed, 25 to 30 minutes.
Fluff quinoa with fork and top with green onions before serving.
Combine the beans, ham, brown sugar, onion powder, parsley, garlic salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a slow cooker.
Pour enough water into the slow cooker to cover the mixture by about 2 inches.
Set slow cooker to Low; simmer 12 hours, stirring occasionally.
Place apples and vinegar into a large slow cooker, and place lid on top.
Set on High, and cook for 8 hours, then turn to Low, and continue cooking 10 hours more.
After 18 hours, stir in white sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, clove, and allspice, and cook 4 hours more.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl combine the chicken, stuffing mix crumbs, cheese, egg, onion, salt, pepper and garlic pepper seasoning.
Mix together, then stir in ketchup and barbeque sauce.
Mix well and pour mixture into a bread loaf pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 50 minutes.
Turn oven off and let sit in hot oven for an additional 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix baked beans with pork, molasses, onions, brown sugar and ketchup together and put in a  greased casserole dish.
Top with bacon, cover and bake for 3 hours or until thick.
In a medium saucepan, bring 1 3/4 cup water to a boil.
Stir in couscous; cover.
Remove from heat; let stand, covered, 5 minutes.
Cool to room temperature.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl combine oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper.
Stir in cucumber, green onion, parsley, basil and couscous.
Mix well and chill for at least 1 hour.
Line a plate with lettuce leaves.
Spoon couscous mixture over leaves and garnish with lemon wedges.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease and a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
In a medium bowl, mix together the sugar blend, flax meal, bananas, milk, sour cream and egg whites until well blended.
Combine the flour, baking soda and salt; stir into the banana mixture until moistened.
Spoon into prepared loaf pan.
Bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted into the crown of the loaf comes out clean.
In a pot, bring the water to a boil, and stir in the lentils.
Reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes; drain.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and saute the green bell pepper and onion until tender.
Mix in the tomatoes, and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the lentils, reduce heat, and simmer 25 to 30 minutes, until the lentils are tender.
In a large resealable plastic bag, mix the olive oil, parsley, oregano, basil, vinegar, kosher salt, pepper, and garlic.
Place the onion, asparagus, mushrooms, eggplant, red bell pepper, and yellow bell pepper into the bag.
Seal, and marinate 2 hours in the refrigerator, turning occasionally
Preheat the grill for high heat.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Grill the vegetables 6 minutes on each side, until tender.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Cook lentils and brown rice according to package directions.
In a large bowl, mash lentils.
To the lentils add wheat germ, bread crumbs, brown rice, eggs, onion, thyme, tomatoes, ketchup, soy sauce and cheese.
Pour into loaf pan.
Bake, covered, for 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Arrange heads of garlic on a baking sheet.
Sprinkle garlic with olive oil.
Bake for 40 minutes to 1 hour, when the garlic is soft and squeezable, it is ready.
Remove, let cool, and serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and spinach and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until pasta is al dente; drain and reserve.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add garlic and red pepper flakes; saute for 5 minutes or until the garlic turns light gold.
Add cooked pasta and spinach to the skillet and mix well.
Season with salt and toss; serve.
Heat the oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat.
Place a few plantain slices in the oil, and cook until lightly golden in color, about three minutes.
Drain on paper towels.
Repeat with the remaining slices.
While the plantain slices are still warm, place them one at a time between two sheets of wax paper, and flatten by hand to 1/4 inch thick.
Return flattened slices to the skillet, and continue frying until golden brown.
Drain on paper towels, and season with salt and garlic powder.
Coat a large pot with cooking spray and place over medium-high heat.
Cook and stir chicken, bell peppers and onion until chicken is brown and peppers are just tender.
Stir in corn, beans, tomatoes, tomato sauce and water.
Season with chili powder, parsley, garlic powder, cayenne and cumin.
Reduce heat, cover and simmer 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Pierce potatoes with a fork and bake until soft, about 1 hour.
Remove from oven and cool until potatoes can be handled, about 20 minutes.
Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a large baking sheet.
Meanwhile, place olive oil in small skillet over medium heat.
Add shallots and cook and stir until softened and beginning to brown, about 10 minutes.
Set aside.
Cut potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop out pulp, leaving a thin shell.
Set shells aside.
Place pulp into a blender or food processor and blend until smooth.
Add ricotta, salt, pepper, ginger, and sugar to the blender;  blend until smooth.
Return potato mixture to a bowl; stir in shallots, Parmesan cheese, and sage.
Spoon mixture back into potato skins.
Place potatoes on prepared baking sheet.
Bake until heated through, about 30 minutes.
Heat a saucepan over medium heat.
When it is not getting any hotter, pour in the olive oil.
Add the garlic and onion; cook and stir until tender, about 3 minutes.
Pour in the chicken broth, and stir to loosen any bits from the bottom of the pan.
When the broth comes to a boil, stir in the orzo pasta.
Reduce heat to low, cover the pan, and simmer for 15 minutes, or until pasta has absorbed all of the liquid.
Stir occasionally to prevent sticking, especially towards the end.
Season with salt and pepper before serving.
Place potatoes and water in a microwave safe bowl.
Cook potatoes in microwave on high until just tender, about 15 minutes, stirring half-way through.
Drain potatoes and allow to steam for a few minutes to dry.
In a large bowl, stir together mayonnaise, wine, rosemary, and garlic powder.
Mix in drained potatoes and toss to coat.
Marinate, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 hour.
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate.
Remove potatoes from marinade, and skewer.
Grill, covered, for 6 to 8 minutes, brushing occasionally with marinade, turning half-way through.
Remove potatoes from skewers and serve hot.
In a large pot, heat oil over medium heat.
Stir in ginger and garlic and cook 3 minutes, until tender.
Stir together 1 cup broth with cornstarch.
Pour cornstarch mixture into pot with mushrooms, bamboo, soy, vinegar, fructose, crushed red pepper and remaining broth.
Bring to a boil and cook until thickened.
Stir in frozen mixed vegetables, frozen shrimp and cilantro.
Simmer until shrimp is opaque, about 10 minutes.
Stir in spinach until just wilted, 2 minutes.
Serve at once.
In a large soup pot or Dutch oven, combine chicken, parsnips, garlic, onions, carrots, zucchini, parsley, celery, potatoes, sweet potato, soup mix, oregano, paprika, water, wine, salt and pepper.
Cover and bring to a boil over high heat.
Boil 30 minutes, partially covered, then reduce heat to low and simmer another 90 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease one 12-cup muffin tin.
Lightly beat egg whites.
In a separate bowl mix dry ingredients thoroughly.
In a separate bowl, mix remaining ingredients.
Gently fold in egg white.
Add to the dry ingredients.
Stir until barely moistened.
Batter will be lumpy.
Fill greased muffin tins two-thirds full.
Bake about 20 minutes until lightly browned.
In a large skillet combine the Worcestershire sauce and ground black pepper.
Add the chicken and simmer over medium heat until the sauce begins to boil.
Reduce heat to low and let simmer for 15 to 20 minutes.
Turn chicken occasionally, spooning sauce over it.
The sauce will thicken.
Let cool and serve.
In a large saucepan, combine squash, zucchini, tomatoes with chiles, onion, salt and garlic powder.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
Reduce heat to low and cook until tender-crisp.
In a pot, bring 1 cup water and rice to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Butter a 9x13 inch casserole dish.
Bring a large pot of water to boil.
Reduce heat to low and place cabbage leaves in pot.
Simmer 4 to 5 minutes, until tender.
Drain leaves and set aside.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat and cook turkey and onion until turkey is brown and onion is tender.
Transfer turkey and onion to a bowl, cool slightly, and mix in cooked rice, egg and 1 can tomato sauce.
Season with salt and pepper.
In a separate bowl, mix 1 can tomato sauce, tomato paste, water, brown sugar, lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce.
Scatter carrot slices evenly over bottom of casserole dish.
Spread cabbage leaves on a flat surface and place about 2 tablespoons turkey mixture in the center of each leaf.
Fold edges of leaves over filling, then roll into logs.
Place cabbage rolls seam side down in dish over carrots.
Pour sauce evenly over rolls.
Cover and bake 1 hour in the preheated oven.
Remove cover during last 10 minutes of cook time.
Allow to sit 5 minutes before serving.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, about 10 minutes.
Scoop out some of the cooking water and reserve.
Drain spaghetti.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add garlic and pepper; cook and stir until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes.
Add spaghetti and Pecorino Romano cheese.
Ladle in 1/2 cup of reserved cooking water; stir until cheese is melted, about 1 minute.
Add more cooking water until sauce coats spaghetti, about 1 minute more.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat and cook onion, stirring often, until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Transfer to a pot.
Combine flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl.
Toss chicken thighs in the flour mixture until evenly coated.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in the skillet over medium heat, add chicken thighs, and brown on one side, without turning, for 5 minutes.
Turn and cook until browned on the other side, about 5 minutes more.
Transfer browned chicken thighs to the pot.
Pour white wine into the skillet; bring to a boil.
Stir to loosen all the browned bits of chicken and flavors in the skillet pour into the pot.
Add diced tomatoes, tomato paste, and sugar; season with salt and pepper.
Add as much chicken stock as needed to cover the chicken.
Cover pot and simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until chicken is no longer pink in the center, about 45 minutes.
Stir in olives, parsley, and basil.
Stir to heat through.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add celery and cook uncovered until softened, about 1 minute.
Drain in a colander and immediately immerse in ice water for several minutes to stop the cooking process.
Drain.
Heat oil in a large non-stick skillet over medium heat; add onion and celery and cook until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Add eggplant, red bell peppers, and zucchini and cook until slightly softened, about 5 minutes.
Stir in tomato puree, vinegar, and sugar.
Cook until the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes.
Add olives, raisins, pine nuts, and capers.
Season with salt and pepper and cook until flavors are well combined, about 5 minutes.
Remove skillet from heat; stir in chopped basil.
Cool and serve at room temperature.
Dissolve sugar in water in a pot over medium heat, whisking while water heats up.
As soon as sugar dissolves and water is clear, remove pan from heat.
While water is still warm, add lemon zest.
Allow to cool to room temperature before adding lemon juice.
Whisk in lemon juice and lemon extract.
Pour into a baking pan about 9x13 inches.
Place in freezer until ice starts to form around the edges, about 40 to 45 minutes.
Use a fork to stir up ice.
Do this every 20 to 30 minutes until lemon ice reaches your preferred texture, 2 1/2 to 3 hours.
Place flour into work bowl of a large stand mixer; add both amounts of water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and 3/4 teaspoon salt.
Mix dough using stand mixer fitted with dough hook on low speed until it forms a ball on the dough hook, 5 to 6 minutes.
Dough should be soft and elastic but not sticky.
Turn dough out onto a work surface and form a ball.
Cover with plastic wrap and let stand on counter at room temperature for 1 hour.
Lightly grease the quarter-sheet baking pan with 1 teaspoon olive oil; sprinkle with cornmeal.
Dust a work surface lightly with flour.
Move oven rack to center position.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C).
Unwrap dough and cut into quarters.
Pat each quarter out on the floured work surface to a roughly rectangular shape.
Roll 1 piece of dough out to about 3/8 inch thick, retaining rough rectangle shape, until dough is about 6x8 inches.
Pick up dough with well-floured hands and gently stretch it, rotating as you go, until dough is almost large enough to fit over the prepared sheet pan.
Pull and stretch dough so it overlaps the edge of the pan by about 1/2 inch and fasten dough edges to sheet pan edges; dough will be thin and membrane-like.
Drop about 6 tablespoons of crescenza-stracchino cheese onto the stretched dough, spreading the dollops out evenly.
Roll out another piece of dough as before, stretching to fit over the first dough sheet and cheese.
Stretch, pull, and seal dough as before so the cheese is enclosed between the 2 sheets of dough.
Roll a rolling pin over the edges of the dough to simultaneously seal the flatbread edges and cut the overlapping edges off.
Roll the overlapping dough edges away from the pan so flatbread falls into the prepared pan.
Press flatbread edges flat and roll slightly if desired to be sure the edges are fully sealed.
Discard rolled-off dough edges.
Pinch a small bit of the top dough between your thumb and forefinger and gently tear a small hole in the dough; repeat 2 or 3 more times to make a few tears in the top layer.
Drizzle flatbread lightly with 2 teaspoons olive oil; sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon coarse sea salt.
Bake in the preheated oven until flatbread has many browned, blistered spots on top, bread has inflated, and the top is crusty, 6 to 7 minutes.
Repeat steps to make a second flatbread using second half of dough as before.
Drizzle 2nd flatbread with remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil and 1/4 teaspoon coarse sea salt.
Bake second bread as before.
Cut in breads into quarters and serve warm.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add onion and parsley stems; cook and stir until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes.
Add zucchini and salt; cook and stir until softened, about 5 minutes.
Stir zucchini blossoms into the skillet.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and cook for 10 minutes.
Uncover skillet and cook until moisture evaporates, 2 to 3 minutes more.
Whisk parsley leaves, eggs, Parmesan cheese, Pecorino Romano cheese, and mint together in a bowl.
Fold in zucchini mixture from the skillet.
Mix well; season with salt and pepper.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat.
Pour in egg mixture and spread evenly across the skillet.
Cook for 2 minutes.
Prick surface in several places with a fork.
Reduce heat to low and cook for 5 minutes.
Remove from heat and cover; let stand until top is just set, about 5 minutes.
Invert frittata onto a large plate and slide back into the skillet.
Cook over low heat until second side is set, about 5 minutes more.
Remove from heat and let stand 5 to 10 minutes before serving.
Heat about 1 inch extra-virgin olive oil in a deep skillet over medium heat.
Pat eggplant slices dry with a paper towel and fry eggplant in batches in the hot oil until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side.
Transfer eggplant to a paper towel-lined plate using a slotted spoon; season with salt.
Combine tomato puree (passata), 1 tablespoon olive oil, garlic, salt, and 4 basil leaves in a saucepan; simmer over medium heat for 10 minutes.
Remove garlic from sauce.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking dish.
Place a layer of fried eggplant in the baking dish and cover with a layer of tomato sauce.
Top with a layer of mozzarella cheese, oregano, Parmesan cheese, and chopped basil leaves, in that order.
Continue layering in the same order with remaining ingredients, ending with a layer of mozzarella cheese and a drizzle of olive oil.
Bake in the preheated oven until heated through and cheeses are melted, about 40 minutes.
Let stand a few minutes before slicing.
Whisk together ground coffee and cold water in a small bowl.
Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 12 hours.
Whisk, then strain through a funnel lined with a moistened paper towel into a bowl.
Place ice cream scoops in 2 coffee or espresso cups.
Pour 1/4 to 1/2 cup cold coffee over the top of each.
Garnish with shaved dark chocolate.
In a Dutch oven, cook sausage, ground beef, onion, and garlic over medium heat until well browned.
Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, and water.
Season with sugar, basil, fennel seeds, Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons parsley.
Simmer, covered, for about 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain noodles, and rinse with cold water.
In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese with egg, remaining parsley, and 1/2 teaspoon salt.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
To assemble, spread 1 1/2 cups of meat sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Arrange 6 noodles lengthwise over meat sauce.
Spread with one half of the ricotta cheese mixture.
Top with a third of mozzarella cheese slices.
Spoon 1 1/2 cups meat sauce over mozzarella, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.
Repeat layers, and top with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.
Cover with foil: to prevent sticking, either spray foil with cooking spray, or make sure the foil does not touch the cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes.
Remove foil, and bake an additional 25 minutes.
Cool for 15 minutes before serving.
In a shallow dish or bowl, mix together the flour, salt, pepper and oregano.
Coat chicken pieces in flour mixture.
In a large skillet, melt butter in oil over medium heat.
Place chicken in the pan, and lightly brown.
Turn over chicken pieces, and add mushrooms.
Pour in wine and sherry.
Cover skillet; simmer chicken 10 minutes, turning once, until no longer pink and juices run clear.
In a large bowl, dissolve the yeast and brown sugar in the water, and let sit for 10 minutes.
Stir the salt and oil into the yeast solution.
Mix in 2 1/2 cups of the flour.
Turn dough out onto a clean, well floured surface, and knead in more flour until the dough is no longer sticky.
Place the dough into a well oiled bowl, and cover with a cloth.
Let the dough rise until double; this should take about 1 hour.
Punch down the dough, and form a tight ball.
Allow the dough to relax for a minute before rolling out.
Use for your favorite pizza recipe.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
If you are baking the dough on a pizza stone, you may place your toppings on the dough, and bake immediately.
If you are baking your pizza in a pan, lightly oil the pan, and let the dough rise for 15 or 20 minutes before topping and baking it.
Bake pizza in preheated oven, until the cheese and crust are golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
Heat oil in a large, deep skillet over medium heat.
Cook sausage and pepper flakes until sausage is evenly brown.
Stir in onion and garlic, and cook until onion is tender.
Stir in tomatoes, cream, and salt.
Simmer until mixture thickens, 8 to 10 minutes.
Stir cooked pasta into sauce, and heat through.
Sprinkle with parsley.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Dip eggplant slices in egg, then in bread crumbs.
Place in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven for 5 minutes on each side.
In a 9x13 inch baking dish spread spaghetti sauce to cover the bottom.
Place a layer of eggplant slices in the sauce.
Sprinkle with mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses.
Repeat with remaining ingredients, ending with the cheeses.
Sprinkle basil on top.
Bake in preheated oven for 35 minutes, or until golden brown.
In a large bowl, combine ground beef, bread crumbs, parsley, Parmesan, 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, garlic powder and beaten egg.
Mix well and form into 12 balls.
Store, covered, in refrigerator until needed.
In a large saucepan over medium heat, saute onion and garlic in olive oil until onion is translucent.
Stir in tomatoes, salt, sugar and bay leaf.
Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer 90 minutes.
Stir in tomato paste, basil, 1/2 teaspoon pepper and meatballs and simmer 30 minutes more.
Serve.
In a stockpot or Dutch oven, brown sausage with garlic.
Stir in  broth, tomatoes and carrots, and season with salt and pepper.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 15 minutes.
Stir in beans with liquid and zucchini.
Cover, and simmer another 15 minutes, or until zucchini is tender.
Remove from heat, and add spinach.
Replace lid allowing the heat from the soup to cook the spinach leaves.
Soup is ready to serve after 5 minutes.
Preheat the oven on broiler setting.
In a large bowl, combine the roma tomatoes, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, vinegar, basil, salt, and pepper.
Allow the mixture to sit for 10 minutes.
Cut the baguette into 3/4-inch slices.
On a baking sheet, arrange the baguette slices in a single layer.
Broil for 1 to 2 minutes, until slightly brown.
Divide the tomato mixture evenly over the baguette slices.
Top the slices with mozzarella cheese.
Broil for 5 minutes, or until the cheese is melted.
Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Place chicken breasts between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface.
Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/2-inch.
Season chicken thoroughly with salt and pepper.
Beat eggs in a shallow bowl and set aside.
Mix bread crumbs and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese in a separate bowl, set aside.
Place flour in a sifter or strainer; sprinkle over chicken breasts, evenly coating both sides.
Dip flour coated chicken breast in beaten eggs.
Transfer breast to breadcrumb mixture, pressing the crumbs into both sides.
Repeat for each breast.
Set aside breaded chicken breasts for about 15 minutes.
Heat 1 cup olive oil in a large skillet on medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer.
Cook chicken until golden, about 2 minutes on each side.
The chicken will finish cooking in the oven.
Place chicken in a baking dish and top each breast with about 1/3 cup of tomato sauce.
Layer each chicken breast with equal amounts of mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and provolone cheese.
Sprinkle 1 to 2 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese on top and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is browned and bubbly, and chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center, 15 to 20 minutes.
An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt the butter in a saucepan over low heat, and cook the garlic until tender, about 5 minutes.
In a shallow bowl, mix the bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, Cheddar cheese, parsley, oregano, pepper, and salt.
Dip each chicken breast in the garlic butter to coat, then press into the bread crumb mixture.
Arrange the coated chicken breasts in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Drizzle with any remaining butter and top with any remaining bread crumb mixture.
Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear.
In a saucepan, warm the broth over low heat.
Warm 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat.
Stir in the mushrooms, and cook until soft, about 3 minutes.
Remove mushrooms and their liquid, and set aside.
Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to skillet,  and stir in the shallots.
Cook 1 minute.
Add rice, stirring to coat with oil, about 2 minutes.
When the rice has taken on a pale, golden color, pour in wine, stirring constantly until the wine is fully absorbed.
Add 1/2 cup broth to the rice, and stir until the broth is absorbed.
Continue adding broth 1/2 cup at a time, stirring continuously, until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is al dente, about 15 to 20 minutes.
Remove from heat, and stir in mushrooms with their liquid, butter, chives, and parmesan.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Cook the Italian sausage and red pepper flakes in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat until crumbly, browned, and no longer pink, 10 to 15 minutes.
Drain and set aside.
Cook the bacon in the same Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp, about 10 minutes.
Drain, leaving a few tablespoons of drippings with the bacon in the bottom of the Dutch oven.
Stir in the onions and garlic; cook until onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Pour the chicken broth into the Dutch oven with the bacon and onion mixture; bring to a boil over high heat.
Add the potatoes, and boil until fork tender, about 20 minutes.
Reduce the heat to medium and stir in the heavy cream and the cooked sausage; heat through.
Mix the spinach into the soup just before serving.
Combine flour, salt, sugar, and yeast in a large bowl.
Mix in oil and warm water.
Spread out on a large pizza pan.
Top as desired.
Bake at 375 degrees C (190 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes.
In a small bowl, combine tomato paste, water, Parmesan cheese, garlic, honey, anchovy paste, onion powder, oregano, marjoram, basil, ground black pepper, cayenne pepper, red pepper flakes and salt; mix together, breaking up any clumps of cheese.
Sauce should sit for 30 minutes to blend flavors; spread over pizza dough and prepare pizza as desired.
In a skillet over medium heat, brown ground beef, onion and garlic for 5 minutes; drain fat.
Mix in basil, oregano, brown sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, diced tomatoes and tomato paste.
Simmer for 30 to 45 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add lasagna noodles, and cook for 5 to 8 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
Lay noodles flat on towels, and blot dry.
In a medium bowl, mix together eggs, ricotta, Parmesan cheese, parsley and 1 teaspoon salt.
Layer 1/3 of the lasagna noodles in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Cover noodles with 1/2 ricotta mixture, 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese and 1/3 of the sauce.
Repeat.
Top with remaining noodles and sauce.
Sprinkle additional Parmesan cheese over the top.
Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes.
Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
In a large saucepan over low heat, melt butter; add garlic and cook for 30 seconds.
Add the tomatoes and 3/4 cup of the chicken broth; increase to medium heat and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for about 10 minutes or until the tomatoes are tender.
Add the cream and bring to a boil; stirring.
Simmer over medium heat until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon.
Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper on both sides.
In a large skillet over medium heat, warm oil and saute chicken.
Press on chicken occasionally with a slotted spatula.
Cook for about 4 minutes per side or until the meat feels springy and is no longer pink inside.
Transfer to a board; cover and keep warm.
Discard the fat from the skillet.
In the same skillet, over medium heat, bring 1/4 cup chicken broth to a boil; stirring the pan juices.
Reduce slightly and add to the cream sauce; stir in basil and adjust seasonings to taste.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add fettuccine and cook for 8 to 10  minutes or until al dente; drain, transfer to a bowl and toss with 3 to 4 tablespoons of the sauce.
Cut each chicken breast into 2 to 3 diagonal slices.
Reheat the sauce gently if needed.
Transfer the pasta to serving plates; top with chicken and coat with the cream sauce; serve.
Combine water with salt, ground black pepper, oregano, basil, onion salt, parsley, garlic powder, bay leaf, and salad dressing mix in a saucepan.
Stir well, and bring to a boil.
Place roast in slow cooker, and pour salad dressing mixture over the meat.
Cover, and cook on Low for 10 to 12 hours, or on High for 4 to 5 hours.
When done, remove bay leaf, and shred meat with a fork.
In a 5 quart Dutch oven, brown sausage.
Remove sausage and drain, reserving 1 tablespoon of the drippings.
Saute onions and garlic in drippings.
Stir in beef broth, water, wine, tomatoes, carrots, basil, oregano, tomato sauce, and sausage.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat; simmer uncovered for 30 minutes.
Skim fat from the soup.
Stir in zucchini and parsley.
Simmer covered for 30 minutes.
Add tortellini during the last 10 minutes.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese on top of each serving.
In a large stock pot, over medium-low heat,  heat olive oil and saute garlic for 2 to 3 minutes.
Add onion and saute for 4 to 5 minutes.
Add celery and carrots, saute for 1 to 2 minutes.
Add chicken broth, water and tomato sauce, bring to boil, stirring frequently.
If desired add red wine at this point.
Reduce heat to low and add kidney beans, green beans, spinach leaves, zucchini, oregano, basil, salt and pepper.
Simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, the longer the better.
Fill a medium saucepan with water and bring to a boil.
Add macaroni and cook until tender.
Drain water and set aside.
Once pasta is cooked and soup is heated through place 2 tablespoons cooked pasta into individual serving bowls.
Ladle soup on top of pasta and sprinkle Parmesan cheese on top.
Spray with olive oil and serve.
Dissolve steak seasoning in balsamic vinegar, then stir in olive oil.
Place pork into a resealable plastic bag and pour marinade overtop.
Squeeze out air and seal bag; marinate 2 hours to overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place pork into a glass baking dish along with marinade.
Bake in preheated oven, basting occasionally until the pork reaches an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (65 degrees C), about 1 hour.
Let the roast rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain, and rinse with cold water.
Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Cook the onion and garlic in the butter until tender, stirring frequently.
Stir in the flour and salt, and simmer until bubbly.
Mix in the broth and milk, and boil, stirring constantly, for 1 minute.
Stir in 2 cups mozzarella cheese and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.
Season with the basil, oregano, and ground black pepper.
Remove from heat, and set aside.
Spread 1/3 of the sauce mixture in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Layer with 1/3 of the noodles, the ricotta, and the chicken.
Arrange 1/3 of the noodles over the chicken,  and layer with 1/3 of the sauce mixture, spinach, and the remaining 2 cups mozzarella cheese and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese.
Arrange remaining noodles over cheese, and spread remaining sauce evenly over noodles.
Sprinkle with parsley and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.
Bake 35 to 40 minutes in the preheated oven.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (160 degrees C).
In a small bowl, beat together the eggs and milk.
In a separate small bowl, mix the bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, and parsley.
Heat the olive oil in a large, oven-proof skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the garlic, and cook until lightly browned.
Remove garlic, reserving for other uses.
Dip each pork chop into the egg mixture, then into the bread crumb mixture, coating evenly.
Place coated pork chops in the skillet, and brown abut 5 minutes on each side.
Place the skillet and pork chops in the preheated oven, and cook 25 minutes, or to an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
Add the tortellini, and cook until tender, about 10 minutes.
While you get the tortellini going, combine the tomatoes, spinach, salt, pepper, basil and garlic in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Cook and stir until the mixture begins to bubble.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, milk and cream.
Stir this mixture into the saucepan along with the Parmesan cheese.
Heat through, then reduce heat to low, and simmer until thick, about 2 minutes.
Drain the tortellini, but do not rinse, then pour them into the saucepan with the sauce.
Stir to coat, and serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Meanwhile, melt butter together with the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in onion, and cook until softened and translucent, about 2 minutes.
Stir in garlic, red pepper, and mushroom; cook over medium-high heat until soft, about 2 minutes more.
Stir in the shrimp, and cook until firm and pink, then pour in Alfredo sauce, Romano cheese, and cream; bring to a simmer stirring constantly until thickened, about 5 minutes.
Season with cayenne, salt, and pepper to taste.
Stir drained pasta into the sauce, and serve sprinkled with chopped parsley.
In a food processor place Italian tomatoes, tomato paste, chopped parsley, minced garlic, oregano, salt, and pepper.
Blend until smooth.
In a large skillet over medium heat saute the finely chopped onion in olive oil for 2 minutes.
Add the blended tomato sauce and white wine.
Simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Coat the bottom of a 9x13 inch casserole dish with olive oil, and sprinkle with garlic and hot red pepper flakes.
Arrange the chicken breasts in bottom of the dish, and pour marinara sauce over chicken.
Sprinkle basil over marinara sauce, and top with half the mozzarella cheese, followed by half the Parmesan cheese.
Sprinkle on the croutons, then top with the remaining mozzarella cheese and remaining Parmesan cheese.
Bake in preheated oven until cheese and croutons are golden brown and the chicken is no longer pink inside, about 35 minutes to an hour, depending on the shape and thickness of your chicken breasts.
An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a chicken breast should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat.
Add garlic, saute for 1 minute; then add chicken and cook for 7 to 8 minutes on each side.
When chicken is close to being cooked through (no longer pink inside), add spinach and saute all together for 3 to 4 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare Alfredo sauce according to package directions.
When finished, stir in 2 tablespoons pesto; set aside.
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente.
Rinse under cold water and drain.
Add chicken/spinach mixture to pasta, then stir in pesto/Alfredo sauce.
Mix well, top with cheese and serve.
In a large skillet over medium heat combine chicken, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, and Italian seasoning.
Cook until chicken is no longer pink inside.
Remove from skillet and set aside.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Meanwhile, melt 4 tablespoons butter in the skillet.
Saute onion, 2 cloves garlic, and mushrooms until onions are transparent.
Stir in flour, salt and pepper; cook 2 minutes.
Slowly add milk and half-and-half, stirring until smooth and creamy.
Stir in Parmesan and Colby-Monterey Jack cheeses; stir until cheese is melted.
Stir in  chicken mixture, tomatoes and sour cream.
Serve over cooked fettuccini.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease and flour 3 (9 inch) pans.
Prepare the cake mix according to package directions.
Divide two thirds of batter between 2 pans.
Stir instant coffee into remaining batter; pour into remaining pan.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely.
In a measuring cup, combine brewed coffee and 1 tablespoon coffee liqueur; set aside.
To make the filling:  In a small bowl, using an electric mixer set on low speed, combine mascarpone, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar and 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur; beat just until smooth.
Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate.
To make the frosting:  In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer set on medium-high speed, beat the cream, 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar and 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur until stiff.
Fold 1/2 cup of cream mixture into filling mixture.
To assemble the cake:   Place one plain cake layer on a serving plate.
Using a thin skewer, poke holes in cake, about 1 inch apart.
Pour one third of reserved coffee mixture over cake, then spread with half of the filling mixture.
Top with coffee-flavored cake layer; poke holes in cake.
Pour another third of the coffee mixture over the second layer and spread with the remaining filling.
Top with remaining cake layer; poke holes in cake.
Pour remaining coffee mixture on top.
Spread sides and top of cake with frosting.
Place cocoa in a sieve and lightly dust top of cake.
Garnish with chocolate curls.
Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving.
To make the chocolate curls, use a vegetable peeler and run it down the edge of the chocolate bar.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spray a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Spray a large skillet with cooking spray and heat on medium-high.
Saute onion and garlic for 3 minutes, or until onion is tender-crisp.
Stir in broth and rosemary; bring to a boil.
Stir in artichoke hearts and spinach; reduce heat, cover and simmer 5 minutes.
Stir in pasta sauce.
Spread 1/4 of the artichoke mixture in the bottom of the prepared baking dish; top with 3 cooked noodles.
Sprinkle 3/4 cup mozzarella cheese over noodles.
Repeat layers 2 more times, ending with artichoke mixture and mozzarella cheese.
Sprinkle crumbled feta on top.
Bake, covered, for 40 minutes.
Uncover, and bake 15 minutes more, or until hot and bubbly.
Let stand 10 minutes before cutting.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a medium baking sheet.
Pour egg into a small shallow bowl.
Place bread crumbs in a separate shallow bowl.
Dip chicken into egg, then into the bread crumbs.
Place coated chicken on the prepared baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes, or until no longer pink and juices run clear.
Pour 1/2 of the spaghetti sauce into a 7x11 inch baking dish.
Place chicken over sauce, and cover with remaining sauce.
Sprinkle mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses on top and return to the preheated oven for 20 minutes.
Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Stir in the olive oil, salt, and pepper.
Cook garlic in butter for a minute, but do not brown.
Add asparagus, and cook for 10 minutes, turning asparagus to ensure even cooking.
Place the sausage in a large skillet over medium heat, and brown on all sides.
Remove from skillet, and slice.
Melt butter in the skillet.
Stir in the yellow onion, red onion, and garlic, and cook 2 to 3 minutes.
Mix in red bell pepper and green bell pepper.
Season with basil, and oregano.
Stir in white wine.
Continue to cook and stir until peppers and onions are tender.
Return sausage slices to skillet with the vegetables.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 15 minutes, or until sausage is heated through.
Cover a baking sheet with foil and spray lightly with cooking spray.
Soak bread crumbs in milk in a small bowl for 20 minutes.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir onions in hot oil until translucent, about 20 minutes.
Mix beef and pork together in a large bowl.
Stir onions, bread crumb mixture, eggs, parsley, garlic, salt, black pepper, red pepper flakes, Italian herb seasoning, and Parmesan cheese into meat mixture with a rubber spatula until combined.
Cover and refrigerate for about one hour.
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Using wet hands, form meat mixture into balls about 1 1/2 inches in diameter.
Arrange onto prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until browned and cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes.
In a large skillet over medium heat, cook beef until brown.
Drain.
In another skillet over medium heat, cook onion until translucent.
Combine beef and onion in a large saucepan with tomato paste, crushed tomatoes, water, oregano, garlic powder, salt, pepper and sugar.
Cook over medium heat until mixture comes to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer 1 hour.
While sauce is simmering, blend cottage cheese, Parmesan and egg until smooth.
Set aside.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spread 1 cup of sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Cover sauce with 3 noodles.
Cover noodles with one-third of remaining sauce.
Top with half the mozzarella.
Place another layer of noodles and one of sauce over the mozzarella; top that with the cottage cheese mixture.
Top with remaining 3 noodles and remaining sauce.
Bake in preheated oven 30 minutes.
Sprinkle remaining mozzarella on top and bake 15 minutes more, until golden and bubbly.
Cook the pasta in a large pot of salted boiling water until al dente.
Drain, and cool under cold water.
In a large bowl, combine the pasta, salami, pepperoni, Asiago cheese, black olives, red bell pepper, green bell pepper and tomatoes.
Stir in the envelope of dressing mix.
Cover, and refrigerate for at least one hour.
To prepare the dressing, whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, oregano, parsley, Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper.
Just before serving, pour dressing over the salad, and mix well.
Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Place a serving platter into the oven to warm.
Season the chicken breast pieces with salt and pepper and dredge them in flour.
Shake off excess flour.
Heat the vegetable oil in a skillet; pan-fry the chicken pieces until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side.
Work in batches and do not crowd skillet, adding oil as needed .
Place the chicken pieces onto the warmed platter in the oven.
When finished with all the chicken, drain most of the oil from the skillet, leaving a thin coating on the surface of the pan.
Cook and stir the minced garlic in the skillet until fragrant, about 20 seconds.
Pour in the chicken broth.
Scrape and dissolve any brown bits from the bottom of the skillet.
Stir in the lemon slices and bring the mixture to a boil.
Let cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce reduces to about 2/3 cup, 5 to 8 minutes.
Add the lemon juice and capers; simmer until the sauce is reduced and slightly thickened, about 5 minutes more.
Drop the butter into the skillet and swirl it into the sauce by tilting the skillet until the butter is melted and incorporated.
Add the parsley; remove from heat and set aside.
Arrange the chicken medallions on serving plates and spoon sauce over each portion to serve.
Combine beef, veal, and pork in a large bowl.
Add garlic, eggs, cheese, parsley, salt and pepper.
Blend bread crumbs into meat mixture.
Slowly add the water 1/2 cup at a time.
The mixture should be very moist but still hold its shape if rolled into meatballs.
(I usually use about 1 1/4 cups of water).
Shape into meatballs.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet.
Fry meatballs in batches.
When the meatball is very brown and slightly crisp remove from the heat and drain on a paper towel.
(If your mixture is too wet, cover the meatballs while they are cooking so that they hold their shape better.)
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add linguine pasta, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat.
Stir in cream, and season with pepper.
Cook 6 to 8 minutes, stirring constantly.
Stir Parmesan cheese into cream sauce, stirring until thoroughly mixed.
Blend in the pesto, and cook for 3 to 5 minutes, until thickened.
Stir in the shrimp, and cook until they turn pink, about 5 minutes.
Serve over the hot linguine.
Place chicken breasts between 2 layers of plastic wrap and pound to about 1/2-inch thick.
Season both sides of chicken breasts with cayenne, salt, and black pepper; dredge lightly in flour and shake off any excess.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Place chicken in the pan, reduce heat to medium, and cook until browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side; remove to a plate.
Cook capers in reserved oil, smashing them lightly to release brine, until warmed though, about 30 seconds.
Pour white wine into skillet.
Scrape any browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon.
Cook until reduced by half, about 2 minutes.
Stir lemon juice, water, and butter into the reduced wine mixture; cook and stir continuously to form a thick sauce, about 2 minutes.
Reduce heat to low and stir parsley through the sauce.
Return chicken breasts to the pan cook until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes.
Serve with sauce spooned over the top.
In a large bowl, stir together the flour, salt, sugar, yeast, garlic powder, oregano, thyme, basil and black pepper.
Mix in the vegetable oil and water.
When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead until smooth and elastic.
Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl, and turn to coat with oil.
Cover with a damp cloth, and let rise in a warm place for 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Punch dough down; place on greased baking sheet.
Pat into a 1/2 inch thick rectangle.
Brush top with olive oil.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and mozzarella cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes, or until golden brown.
Serve warm.
In a small bowl, combine bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon oregano, salt, and black pepper.
Slice tofu into 1/4 inch thick slices, and place in bowl of cold water.
One at a time, press tofu slices into crumb mixture, turning to coat all sides.
Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Cook tofu slices until crisp on one side.
Drizzle with a bit more olive oil, turn, and brown on the other side.
Combine tomato sauce, basil, garlic, and remaining oregano.
Place a thin layer of sauce in an 8 inch square baking pan.
Arrange tofu slices in the pan.
Spoon remaining sauce over tofu.
Top with shredded mozzarella and remaining 3 tablespoons Parmesan.
Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 20 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in large, heavy skillet over medium heat.
Cook onion  in oil until tender.
Stir in rosemary and garlic.
Transfer to a small bowl.
Place ground beef and sausage in the skillet.
Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown.
Stir in the onion mixture and the spaghetti sauce.
Season with salt.
Reduce heat to low, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In the prepared dish, layer 1/2 of the cooked pasta, provolone cheese, sour cream, cottage cheese, and a little less than 1/2 of the meat mixture.
Then layer the rest of the pasta, mozzarella cheese, remaining meat mixture, and Parmesan cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes, or until heated through and cheeses are melted.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
In a bowl, mix the mayonnaise, Parmesan cheese, and garlic powder.
Place bread crumbs in a separate bowl.
Dip chicken into the mayonnaise mixture, then into the bread crumbs to coat.
Arrange coated chicken on a baking sheet.
Bake 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until chicken juices run clear and coating is golden brown.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the sausage until browned.
Transfer the cooked sausage to a large baking dish.
Pour 1/4 cup of olive oil into the skillet, and cook the potatoes, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 10 minutes.
Place the potatoes into the baking dish, leaving some oil.
Cook and stir the green and red peppers and onions in the hot skillet until they are beginning to soften, about 5 minutes.
Add the vegetables to the baking dish.
Pour wine and chicken stock over the vegetables and sausage, and sprinkle with Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper.
Gently stir the sausage, potatoes, and vegetables together.
Bake in the preheated oven until hot and bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes.
Serve hot.
Heat 1/4 cup of olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the garlic, and saute for a few minutes.
Sprinkle in the red pepper flakes, and saute for another minute.
Pour in the diced tomatoes and tomato sauce, and add the basil.
Simmer for about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add penne pasta, and cook for 8 minutes, or until tender.
Drain.
In a small bowl, whisk eggs with a fork.
Place bread crumbs in a separate bowl.
Stir the garlic powder, salt and pepper into the bread crumbs.
Dip chicken cutlets into the egg, then press into the bread crumbs until completely coated.
Heat remaining olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Fry chicken for about 5 minutes per side, or until the coating is a nice dark brown color.
Remove chicken, and cut into slices.
Toss the chicken slices into the sauce, and simmer for about 10 minutes.
Stir in the cooked penne, simmer for a few more minutes to soak up the flavor, then serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8  minutes or until al dente; drain.
Pour olive oil in a large deep skillet over high-heat.
Saute onions and garlic until lightly browned.
Reduce heat to medium-high and add tomatoes, vinegar and chicken broth; simmer for about 8 minutes.
Stir in red pepper, black pepper, basil and cooked pasta, tossing thoroughly with sauce.
Simmer for about 5 more minutes and serve topped with grated cheese.
In a small bowl, mix together the garlic salt, onion powder, sugar, oregano, pepper, thyme, basil, parsley, celery salt and regular salt.
Store in a tightly sealed container.
To prepare dressing, whisk together 1/4 cup white vinegar, 2/3 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons water and 2 tablespoons of the dry mix.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, gently mix by hand the ground beef, bread crumbs, Italian seasoning, garlic, parsley, Parmesan cheese, and egg.
Shape into 12 meatballs, and place in a baking dish.
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until cooked through.
Meanwhile, cut the baguette in half lengthwise, and remove some of the bread from the inside to make a well for the meatballs.
Brush with olive oil, and season with garlic powder and salt.
Slip the baguette into the oven during the last 5 minutes of the meatball's time, or until lightly toasted.
While the bread toasts, warm the spaghetti sauce in a saucepan over medium heat.
When the meatballs are done, use a slotted spoon to transfer them to the sauce.
Spoon onto the baguette and top with slices of provolone cheese.
Return to the oven for 2 to 3 minutes to melt the cheese.
Cool slightly, cut into servings, and enjoy!
Combine ground beef, onion, garlic, and green pepper in a large saucepan.
Cook and stir until meat is brown and vegetables are tender.
Drain grease.
Stir diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, and tomato paste into the pan.
Season with oregano, basil, salt, and pepper.
Simmer spaghetti sauce for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the penne pasta, and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Place bacon in the skillet, and cook until browned and crisp.
Add garlic, and cook for about 1 minute.
Stir in the tomatoes, and cook until heated through.
Place the spinach into a colander, and drain the hot pasta over it so it is wilted.
Transfer to a large serving bowl, and toss with the remaining olive oil, and the bacon and tomato mixture.
In a medium bowl, Mix together tomato sauce and tomato paste until smooth.
Stir in oregano, garlic and paprika.
Preheat the broiler.
Cut the bread into slices 1 to 2 inches thick.
In a small bowl, mix butter, olive oil, garlic, oregano, salt and pepper.
Spread the mixture evenly on the bread slices.
On a medium baking sheet, arrange the slices evenly and broil 5 minutes, or until slightly brown.
Check frequently so they do not burn.
Remove from broiler.
Top with cheese and return to broiler 2 to 3 minutes, until cheese is slightly brown and melted.
Serve at once.
In a large skillet, brown beef over medium heat until no longer pink; drain.
Add cream cheese, salt and chili powder; mix and simmer for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Toss cooked shells in butter.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Fill shells with beef mixture and arrange in a 9x13 inch baking dish; pour taco sauce over shells.
Cover with foil and bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Remove dish from oven and top with Cheddar cheese, Monterey Jack cheese and tortilla chips; return dish to oven to cook for 15 minutes more.
Top with sour cream and onions; serve.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Grease cookie sheets or line with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, beat together the oil, eggs, sugar and anise flavoring until well blended.
Combine the flour and baking powder, stir into the egg mixture to form a heavy dough.
Divide dough into two pieces.
Form each piece into a roll as long as your cookie sheet.
Place roll onto the prepared cookie sheet, and press down to 1/2 inch thickness.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until golden brown.
Remove from the baking sheet to cool on a wire rack.
When The cookies are cool enough to handle, slice each one crosswise into 1/2 inch slices.
Place the slices cut side up back onto the baking sheet.
Bake for an additional 6 to 10 minutes on each side.
Slices should be lightly toasted.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute garlic until tender, then stir in chicken.
Season with red pepper flakes.
Cook until chicken is golden, and cooked through.
In a large bowl, combine pasta, chicken, sun-dried tomatoes and pesto.
Toss to coat evenly.
In a bowl, toss together the tomatoes, basil, Parmesan cheese, and garlic.
Mix in the balsamic vinegar, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper.
Serve on toasted bread slices.
In a large pot, heat olive oil.
Add garlic and onion; saute until soft.
Add kale and saute, stirring, until wilted.
Add 3 cups of broth, 2 cups of beans, and all of the tomato, herbs, salt and pepper.
Simmer 5 minutes.
In a blender or food processor, mix the remaining beans and broth until smooth.
Stir into soup to thicken.
Simmer 15 minutes.
Ladle into bowls; sprinkle with chopped parsley.
Cook shells according to package directions.
Place in cold water to stop cooking.
Drain.
Mix together cottage cheese, mozzarella cheese, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, eggs, and garlic powder.
Rub the dried herbs in the palms of your hands to pulverize them, and stir into the cheese mixture.
Stuff mixture into the shells.
Spread 1/3 of spaghetti sauce in the bottom of a 15 x 10 inch pan.
Place shells open side up, and close together in pan.
Spread remaining sauce over top, and sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 35 minutes, or until bubbly.
Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
In a small bowl, combine softened butter, minced garlic and parmesan cheese.
Season with garlic salt, Italian seasoning, pepper and paprika.
Mix until smooth.
Remove skin from sausage and crumble into frying pan.
Add chopped onion, and cook over medium heat until meat is no longer pink.
If you are trying to cut fat, remove meat from pan, place in a colander, and rinse under cold water.
Place meat in a large pot; add stock and potatoes.
Boil until potato is cooked.
Add spinach.
Continue boiling until spinach is lightly cooked.
Remove soup from heat, stir in evaporated milk, and season to taste.
Do not add any salt if using canned stock.
In a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat, cook the sausage, beef, onion, and garlic until well browned; drain fat.
Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, and water.
Mix in sugar and season with basil, fennel seed, Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper.
Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.
In a large skillet over medium heat cook the ground beef, onion, and garlic until brown.
Add the tomato sauce, tomato paste, salt, and oregano and stir until well incorporated.
Cook until heated through.
In a large bowl mix together the cottage cheese, grated Parmesan cheese, and shredded mozzarella cheese.
Spoon a layer of the meat mixture onto the bottom of the slow cooker.
Add a double layer of the uncooked lasagna noodles.
Break to fit noodles into slow cooker.
Top noodles with a portion of the cheese mixture.
Repeat the layering of sauce, noodles, and cheese until all the ingredients are used.
Cover, and cook on LOW setting  for 4 to 6 hours.
Cook the lasagna noodles in a large pot of boiling water for 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Rinse with cold water, and drain.
In a large saucepan, cook and stir  mushrooms, green peppers, onion, and garlic in oil.
Stir in pasta sauce and basil; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, and simmer 15 minutes.
Mix together ricotta, 2 cups mozzarella cheese, and eggs.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spread 1 cup tomato sauce into the bottom of a greased 9x13 inch baking dish.
Layer 1/2 each, lasagna noodles, ricotta mix, sauce, and Parmesan cheese.
Repeat layering, and top with remaining 2 cups mozzarella cheese.
Bake, uncovered, for 40 minutes.
Let stand 15 minutes before serving.
Melt butter or margarine in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add heavy cream, stirring constantly.
Stir in salt, nutmeg, grated Parmesan cheese, and grated Romano cheese.
Stir constantly until melted, then mix in egg yolk.
Simmer over medium low heat for 3 to 5 minutes.
Garnish with additional grated Parmesan cheese, if desired.
In a large skillet over medium heat brown the ground beef.
Drain the grease.
Add spaghetti sauce and simmer for 5 minutes.
In a large bowl, mix together the cottage cheese, 2 cups of the mozzarella cheese, eggs, half of the grated Parmesan cheese, dried parsley, salt and ground black pepper.
To assemble, in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish evenly spread 3/4 cup of the sauce mixture.
Cover with 3 uncooked lasagna noodles, 1 3/4 cup of the cheese mixture, and 1/4 cup sauce.
Repeat layers twice.
Top with 3 noodles, remaining sauce, remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.
Add 1/2 cup water to the edges of the pan.
Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake in a preheated 350 degree F(175 degrees C) oven for 45 minutes.
Uncover and bake an additional 10 minutes.
Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute onions until translucent.
Saute garlic for 1 minute and stir in ground beef.
Cook until well browned and crumbled.
Season with salt and set aside to cool.
Cook spinach according to package directions.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add manicotti shells and parboil for half of the time recommended on the package.
Drain and cover with cool water to stop the cooking process and prevent the shells from cracking.
To the ground beef mixture add the cooked spinach and ricotta cheese.
When the mixture is cool, add the beaten eggs.
Spread 1/4 cup spaghetti sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Gently drain the manicotti shells and carefully stuff each one with the meat and cheese mixture; place shells in prepared dish.
Lightly cover the dish with plastic wrap or a clean, damp towel to prevent shells from cracking.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Prepare the white sauce by melting the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in flour and chicken bouillon.
Increase heat to medium-high and cook, stirring constantly, until it begins to bubble.
Stir in half and half and bring to a boil, stirring frequently.
Cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly.
Remove from heat and stir in parsley.
Pour or ladle the sauce evenly over the stuffed shells.
Stir the basil into the remaining spaghetti sauce.
Carefully pour or ladle spaghetti sauce over the white sauce, trying to layer the sauces without mixing.
Cover and bake for 40 minutes.
Remove from oven, uncover and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Bake, uncovered, for 10 minutes more.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spray a baking dish with cooking spray.
Spread 2 to 3 tablespoons of the pesto sauce onto each flattened chicken breast.
Place one slice of cheese over the pesto.
Roll up tightly, and secure with toothpicks.
Place in a lightly greased baking dish.
Bake uncovered for 45 to 50 minutes in the preheated oven, until chicken is nicely browned and juices run clear.
In medium bowl, combine meat, egg, bread crumbs, cheese, basil and onion powder; shape into 3/4 inch balls.
In large saucepan, heat broth to boiling; stir in escarole, orzo pasta, chopped carrot and meatballs.
Return to boil, then reduce heat to medium.
Cook at slow boil for 10 minutes, or until pasta is al dente.
Stir frequently to prevent sticking.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
In a large skillet over medium heat, saute ground beef, onions, salt and garlic salt until meat is brown.
Drain excess fat, add spaghetti sauce to beef mixture, and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch glass baking pan.
Line bottom of pan with three lasagna noodles.
Spread 1/3 of sauce mixture over noodles.
Layer 1/3 of the cottage cheese over the sauce.
Sprinkle 1/3 of the mozzarella over the cottage cheese.
Repeat this layering process until all ingredients are used up.
Bake in the preheated oven for one hour.
Let stand for 10 minutes before serving.
Put the chicken in the slow cooker.
Top with the spaghetti sauce, green bell peppers, mushrooms, onion, and garlic.
Cover, and cook on Low for 7 to 9 hours.
Combine basil, garlic, Parmesan cheese, olive oil, and nuts in the bowl of a food processor or blender.
Blend to a smooth paste.
Add parsley if desired.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Crumble the ground beef into a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook and stir until no longer pink.
Drain grease, then stir in the spaghetti sauce and tomatoes.
Spread 1/3 of the sauce in the bottom of an 11x7 inch baking dish.
Arrange 1/2 of the ravioli over the sauce.
Sprinkle 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese and 1/2 of the Monterey Jack cheese over the ravioli.
Repeat layers, ending with the last of the sauce on top.
Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven.
Sprinkle Parmesan cheese over the top before serving.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat.
Once the water is boiling, stir in the ziti, and return to a boil.
Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes.
Drain well in a colander set in the sink.
While pasta is cooking, heat a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the sausage, and cook and stir until brown, about 10 minutes.
Drain sausage and set aside.
Stir together the ricotta, egg, onion, garlic, and oregano in a large bowl until well combined.
Stir in the drained pasta, the drained sausage, salt, pepper, and 1/2 jar of the spaghetti sauce; mix well.
In the prepared baking dish, cover the bottom with 1/3 jar of spaghetti sauce.
Layer 1/2 of the pasta mixture, 1/3 jar of spaghetti sauce, and 1/2 of the shredded cheese.
Then layer the remaining 1/2 of the pasta, 1/3 of the sauce, and 1/2 of the cheese.
Sprinkle with basil.
Cover the dish tightly with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until heated through, about 20 minutes.
Uncover; return to the oven and bake until cheese is melted, 5 to 10 more minutes.
To Make Dough: In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in water.
Add the oil, sugar and salt; mix in 1 cup of the flour until smooth.
Gradually stir in the rest of the flour, until dough is smooth and workable.
Knead dough on a lightly floured surface for about 5 minutes, or until it is elastic.
Lay dough in a bowl containing 1 teaspoon olive oil, then flip the dough, cover and let rise for 40 minutes, or until almost doubled.
To Make Filling: While dough is rising, combine the ricotta cheese, Cheddar cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms and basil leaves in a large bowl.
Mix well, cover bowl and refrigerate to chill.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
When dough is ready, punch it down and separate it into 2 equal parts.
Roll parts out into thin circles on a lightly floured surface.
Fill each circle with 1/2 of the cheese/meat filling and fold over, securing edges by folding in and pressing with a fork.
Brush the top of each calzone with egg and place on a lightly greased cookie sheet.
Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 30 minutes.
Serve hot.
In a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat.
Cook chops in butter, turning once to brown evenly.
Pour in wine, and season with salt, pepper, rosemary, and garlic.
Simmer, uncovered,  for 20 minutes, or until chops are tender.
Transfer pork chops to serving plates, and spoon sauce over the meat.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat butter and olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute chicken and garlic until chicken is almost cooked.
Reduce heat and stir in salt, pepper, cream, pesto and Parmesan cheese.
Cook until chicken is no longer pink inside.
Stir in cooked pasta.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Season chicken with salt and pepper to taste.
Stuff with the onion and rosemary.
Place chicken in a 9x13 inch baking dish or roasting dish.
Roast in the preheated oven for 2 to 2 1/2 hours, or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear.
Cooking time will vary a bit depending on the size of the bird.
Stir water, sugar and yeast together until dissolved.
Add the olive oil and the salt.
Stir in the flour until well blended.
Let dough rest for 10 minutes.
Pat dough into pan or on to a pizza stone using fingers dipped in olive oil.
If desired sprinkle basil, thyme or other seasonings on crust.
Top with your favorite pizza toppings and bake for 15 to 20 minutes in a preheated 425 degree oven.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a large skillet, cook and stir shrimp and garlic in the butter for about one minute.
Pour in half and half; stir.
Sprinkle Parmesan cheese in one tablespoon at a time, stirring constantly.
After all Parmesan is added, mix in parsley and salt.
Stir frequently making sure it does not boil.
Sauce will take a while to thicken.
When sauce has thickened, combine with cooked pasta noodles; serve hot.
Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat, and cook the onion until lightly brown.
Mix in 2 cloves garlic, and cook 1 minute.
Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, water, sugar, 1/2 the oregano, and bay leaf.
Season with salt and pepper.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer while preparing meatballs.
In a bowl, mix the ground round, bread crumbs, remaining oregano, remaining garlic, parsley, eggs, and cheese.
Season with salt and pepper.
Roll into 1 inch balls, and drop into the sauce.
Cook 40 minutes in the sauce, or until internal temperature of meatballs reaches a minimum of 160 degrees F (72 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil, and stir in the spaghetti.
Cook 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Serve the meatballs and sauce over the cooked spaghetti.
Over medium-low heat melt butter in a large stockpot, add onions, garlic and parsley.
Cook slowly, stirring occasionally until onions are soft.
Add tomatoes to the pot (break them into chunks as you add them).
Add chicken broth, bay leaves, basil, thyme, oregano, water and wine.
Mix well.
Cover and simmer 30 minutes.
Stir in the shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels and crabmeat.
Stir in fish, if desired.
Bring to boil.
Lower heat, cover and simmer 5 to 7 minutes until clams open.
Ladle soup into bowls and serve with warm, crusty bread!
Combine egg yolks and sugar in the top of a double boiler, over boiling water.
Reduce heat to low, and cook for about 10 minutes, stirring constantly.
Remove from heat and whip yolks until thick and lemon colored.
Add mascarpone to whipped yolks.
Beat until combined.
In a separate bowl, whip cream to stiff peaks.
Gently fold into yolk mixture and set aside.
Split the lady fingers in half, and line the bottom and sides of a large glass bowl.
Brush with coffee liqueur.
Spoon half of the cream filling over the lady fingers.
Repeat ladyfingers,  coffee liqueur and filling layers.
Garnish with cocoa and chocolate curls.
Refrigerate several hours or overnight.
To make the chocolate curls, use a vegetable peeler and run it down the edge of the chocolate bar.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add spaghetti, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Drain, and set aside.
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, saute the onions, green peppers and ground beef.
Once beef is brown and onions and peppers softened, add the tomatoes, mushrooms and oregano.
Simmer uncovered for 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Place half of the cooked spaghetti into the prepared dish.
Top with half of the meat mixture.
Sprinkle with 1 cup of the mild Cheddar cheese.
Repeat.
In a medium bowl, mix together cream of mushroom soup and water until smooth; pour over casserole.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes.
Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add spaghetti, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
Meanwhile, in a large saucepan, melt butter over low heat.
Stir in flour, salt, and pepper.
Cook, stirring, until smooth.
Remove from heat, and gradually stir in chicken broth and cream.
Return to heat, and bring to a low boil for 1 minute, stirring constantly.
Add sherry, then stir in cooked spaghetti, mushrooms, and chicken.
Pour mixture into the prepared baking dish, and top with Parmesan cheese.
Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until bubbly and lightly browned.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place farfalle in pot and cook 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente; drain.
Place sausage in a large skillet over medium heat and cook until evenly brown; set aside.
Heat 1/4 cup oil in skillet.
Stir in garlic and onion, and cook until tender.
Mix in zucchini, squash, tomatoes, bell pepper and basil.
Dissolve bouillon in the mixture.
Season with red pepper.
Stir in remaining oil.
Continue cooking 10 minutes.
Mix pasta, sausage and cheese into skillet.
Continue cooking 5 minutes, or until heated through.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil; cook linguine in boiling water until nearly tender, 6 to 8 minutes.
Drain.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter with 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir shallots, garlic, and red pepper flakes in the hot butter and oil until shallots are translucent, 3 to 4 minutes.
Season shrimp with kosher salt and black pepper; add to the skillet and cook until pink, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes.
Remove shrimp from skillet and keep warm.
Pour white wine and lemon juice into skillet and bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off of the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in skillet, stir 2 tablespoons olive oil into butter mixture, and bring to a simmer.
Toss linguine, shrimp, and parsley in the butter mixture until coated; season with salt and black pepper.
Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil to serve.
In a medium saucepan combine whipping cream, butter or margarine, and grated Parmesan cheese.
Cook over medium low heat until smooth.
Remove from heat.
Sauce will thicken upon standing.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook lasagna noodles for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Drain, rinse with cold water, and set aside.
Meanwhile, place the chicken in a saucepan with enough water to cover, and bring to a boil.
Cook for 20 minutes, or until no longer pink and juices run clear.
Remove from saucepan,  and shred.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Dissolve the bouillon cube in hot water.
In a large bowl, mix the chicken with the bouillon, cream cheese, and 1 cup mozzarella cheese.
Spread 1/3 of spaghetti sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Cover with the chicken mixture, and top with 3 lasagna noodles; repeat.
Top with remaining sauce, and sprinkle with remaining mozzarella cheese.
Bake for 45 minutes in the preheated oven.
In a large pot over medium heat, cook onion in olive oil until translucent.
Stir in garlic and cook until tender.
Reduce heat, and stir in tomato sauce, water, parsley, basil, oregano, salt, cannelini beans, navy beans and Parmesan.
Simmer 1 hour.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Stir into soup.
In a medium bowl, combine the beef, egg, bread crumbs, cheese, basil and onion.
Shape mixture into 3/4-inch balls and set aside.
In a large stockpot heat chicken broth to boiling; stir in the spinach, pasta, carrot and meatballs.
Return to boil; reduce heat to medium.
Cook, stirring frequently, at a slow boil for 10 minutes or until pasta is al dente, and meatballs are no longer pink inside.
Serve hot with Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top.
Blend the stewed tomatoes and crushed tomatoes in a blender.
In a stock pot or large kettle, brown the ground beef with the onions, peppers, garlic.
Pour in tomatoes, and reduce heat.
Add sugar, basil and oregano, and simmer about 40 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat oil in a large, deep skillet.
Place sausage and onion in the skillet and cook over medium high heat until evenly brown.
Drain excess fat.
Pour in wine, and cook for 1 minute, stirring, to deglaze the pan.
Stir in tomato sauce, diced tomatoes and tomato paste.
Simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Toss with cooked pasta, and place in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Sprinkle top with mozzarella.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, or until cheese is melted.
In a large bowl, combine 2 cups flour, undissolved yeast, and salt.
Stir very warm water and olive oil into flour mixture.
Stir in enough remaining flour to make soft dough.
Knead on lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic, about 4 to 6 minutes.
Cover; let rest on floured surface 10 minutes.
Lightly oil 1 (14-inch) or 2 (12-inch) round pizza pan(s).
** Sprinkle with cornmeal.
Shape dough into smooth ball.
Divide and roll dough to fit desired pan(s).
Top pizza as desired.
Bake at 400 degrees F for 20 to 30 minutes or until done.
Baking time depends on size and thickness of crust and selected toppings.
Place flour, brown sugar, warm water, salt, olive oil and yeast in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Select dough cycle; press Start.
Deflate the dough and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface.
Form dough into two loaves.
Place the loaves seam side down on a cutting board generously sprinkled with cornmeal.
Cover the loaves with a damp cloth and let rise, until doubled in volume about 40 minutes.
Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a small bowl, beat together egg and 1 tablespoon water.
Brush the risen loaves with egg mixture.
Make a single long, quick cut down the center of the loaves with a sharp knife.
Gently shake the cutting board to make sure that the loaves are not sticking.
If they stick, use a spatula or pastry knife to loosen.
Slide the loaves onto a baking sheet with one quick but careful motion.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until loaves sound hollow when tapped on the bottom.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, mix together ground beef, eggs, bread crumbs and ketchup.
Season with Italian-style seasoning, oregano, basil, garlic salt, diced tomatoes and cheese.
Press into a 9x5 inch loaf pan, and cover loosely with foil.
Bake in the preheated oven approximately 1 hour, or until internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
In a large frying pan, heat oil over medium heat.
Saute onions and garlic in olive oil until softened.
Stir in tomatoes, olives, parsley, and wine.
Simmer for 5 minutes.
Place fillets in sauce.
Simmer for about 5 more minutes, or until fish turns white.
Melt butter and olive oil together in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Stir in the garlic and onion, and cook for 30 seconds until fragrant.
Add the chard stems and the white wine.
Simmer until the stems begin to soften, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the chard leaves, and cook until wilted.
Finally, stir in lemon juice and Parmesan cheese; season to taste with salt if needed.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Place sausage links onto a sheet pan and bake for 25 minutes, or until done.
Cut links in half lengthwise, then cut at an angle into 1/2-inch slices.
Place onions and bacon slices in a large saucepan and cook over medium heat until onions are almost clear.
Remove bacon and crumble.
Set aside.
Add garlic to the onions and cook an additional 1 minute.
Add chicken soup base, water, and potatoes, simmer 15 minutes.
Add crumbled bacon, sausage, kale, and cream.
Simmer 4 minutes and serve.
Stir together the ricotta cheese, eggs, Parmesan Cheese, salt, pepper, and garlic powder in a large bowl until evenly combined.
Mix in 1 cup of flour.
Add additional flour if needed to form a soft dough.
Divide the dough into 3 or 4 pieces, and roll into 1/2-inch-thick ropes on a floured surface.
Cut each rope into 1-inch pieces, and place on a lightly floured baking sheet.
Place in the refrigerator until ready to use.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in garlic, and cook until softened and fragrant, about 1 minute.
Pour in diced tomatoes and red pepper flakes; bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, and cook for 10 minutes.
Stir in shredded basil and season to taste with salt and pepper.
While sauce is simmering, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat.
Boil the gnocchi until they float to the surface, 1 to 2 minutes, then drain.
To assemble the dish, stir the cubed mozzarella cheese into the sauce and allow the heat of the sauce to soften, but not melt the cheese.
Place gnocchi into a serving bowl, and spoon sauce overtop.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil.
Pour in rigatoni, and cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain, and set pasta aside.
Meanwhile, brown ground beef and italian sausage in a large skillet over medium heat.
With a slotted spoon, remove beef and sausage to a baking dish.
Stir mushrooms, spaghetti sauce, and cooked pasta into the baking dish.
Sprinkle cheese and pepperoni over the top.
Bake in preheated oven until the cheese is brown and bubbly, about 20 minutes.
To make the sauce, pour the wine and lemon juice into a saucepan over medium heat.
Cook at a low boil until the liquid is reduced by 1/3.
Stir in cream, and simmer until it thickens.
Gradually add the butter 1 tablespoon at a time to the sauce, stirring until completely incorporated.
Season with salt and pepper.
Remove from heat, and keep warm.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil.
Add pasta, and cook until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain, and set aside.
To make the chicken, heat oil and 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat.
In a bowl, stir together flour, salt, and pepper.
Lightly coat chicken with flour mixture.
Without crowding, carefully place chicken in hot oil.
(If necessary, cook in batches.)
Fry until cooked through and golden brown on both sides.
Remove the chicken to paper towels.
Stir the bacon, mushrooms, artichokes, and capers into the oil; cook until the mushrooms are soft.
Cut the chicken breasts into bite-size strips, and return them to the skillet.
Stir half of the lemon butter sauce into the chicken mixture.
To serve, place pasta in a large bowl.
Stir the chicken mixture into the pasta.
Taste, and adjust seasonings.
Stir in additional lemon butter sauce as desired.
Toss well, and garnish with parsley.
In a food processor, blend together basil leaves, nuts, garlic, and cheese.
Pour in oil slowly while still mixing.
Stir in salt and pepper.
Put beer, butter, sugar, salt, flour, and yeast in a bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Select Dough setting, and press Start.
Remove dough from bread machine when cycle is complete.
Roll or press dough to cover a prepared pizza pan.
Brush lightly with olive oil.
Cover and let stand 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Spread sauce and toppings on top of dough.
Bake until crust is lightly brown and crispy on the outside, about 24 minutes.
Cook manicotti in boiling water until done.
Drain, and rinse with cold water.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine ricotta, mozzarella, and 1/2 cup Parmesan, eggs, parsley, and salt and pepper.
Mix well.
Pour 1/2 cup sauce into an 11x17 inch baking dish.
Fill each manicotti shell with 3 tablespoons cheese mixture, and arrange over sauce .
Pour remaining sauce over top, and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese.
Bake 45 minutes, or until bubbly.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add lasagna noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a skillet over medium-high heat, cook mushrooms, onions, and garlic in olive oil until onions are tender.
Drain excess liquid and cool.
Boil spinach for 5 minutes.
Drain, then squeeze out excess liquid.
Chop spinach.
Combine ricotta cheese, Romano cheese, spinach, salt, oregano, basil, pepper, and egg in a bowl.
Add cooled mushroom mixture.
Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 1 minute.
Lay 5 lasagna noodles in bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Spread one third of the cheese/spinach mixture over noodles.
Sprinkle 1 cup mozzarella cheese and 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese on top.
Spread 1 cup pasta sauce over cheese.
Repeat layering 2 times.
Cover dish with aluminum foil and bake in a preheated oven for 1 hour.
Cool 15 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place garlic cloves in a small baking dish.
Drizzle with olive oil, cover, and bake 45 minutes, or until golden brown.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil.
Add potatoes, and cook until tender but firm.
Drain, and transfer to a large mixing bowl.
Place roasted garlic, milk, Parmesan cheese, and butter into the bowl with the potatoes.
Season with salt and pepper.
Beat to desired consistency with an electric mixer.
In a small saucepan, bring the broth to a boil.
Remove from heat.
Place the sun-dried tomatoes in the broth 15 minutes, or until softened.
Drain, reserving broth, and coarsely chop.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place penne pasta in the pot, cook 9 to 12 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Place the pine nuts in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir until lightly toasted.
Heat the olive oil and red pepper flakes in a skillet over medium heat, and saute the garlic 1 minute, until tender.
Mix in the spinach, and cook until almost wilted.
Pour in the reserved broth, and stir in the chopped sun-dried tomatoes.
Continue cooking 2 minutes, or until heated through.
In a large bowl, toss the cooked pasta with the spinach and tomato mixture and pine nuts.
Serve with Parmesan cheese.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, combine the crushed saltines, Parmesan cheese, Italian-style seasoning and garlic powder and mix together well.
Dip the chops in the melted butter and then dredge each chop in the cracker mixture, coating all sides thoroughly.
Place the chops in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Bake at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C) for 30 to 40 minutes, or until internal pork temperature reaches 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking sheet.
Roll frozen bread dough out into a rectangle.
Brush dough with beaten egg.
Arrange pepperoni, mozzarella cheese and parmesan cheese over the dough.
Sprinkle on the Italian seasoning.
Roll up dough like a jelly roll and pinch seam to seal; place, seam side down, on prepared baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes, or until golden.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).
Mix together onions, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese and ground beef.
Roll into 1 inch diameter balls, and place in a baking pan.
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until beef is no longer pink.
Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Arrange the bread cubes in a single layer in an ungreased 9x13 inch baking dish.
Mix together the cream cheese, mayonnaise, Italian seasoning and black pepper until smooth.
Spread this mixture over each bread cube.
Sprinkle with 1/2 cup of the grated mozzarella cheese.
In a large bowl, mix together spaghetti sauce, water, and garlic.
Gently stir in meatballs.
Pour over the bread and cheese mixture in the baking pan.
Sprinkle the remaining mozzarella cheese evenly over the top.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 minutes, or until heated through.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine ricotta, spinach, onion and egg.
Season with parsley, pepper and garlic powder.
Mix in 1 cup mozzarella and 1/4 cup Parmesan.
In a separate bowl, stir together spaghetti sauce and water.
Spread 1 cup sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Stuff uncooked manicotti shells with ricotta mixture, and arrange in a single layer in the dish.
Cover with remaining sauce.
Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 to 55 minutes, or until noodles are soft.
In a bowl, mix the ground beef, bread crumbs, parsley, garlic, onion, and egg.
Shape the mixture into 16 meatballs.
In a slow cooker, mix the spaghetti sauce, crushed tomatoes, and tomato puree.
Place the meatballs into the sauce mixture.
Cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours.
Crumble the ground beef and Italian sausage into a large skillet.
Cook over medium-high heat until browned.
Drain.
Combine the ground meats, marinara sauce, mushrooms, and tomatoes in a slow cooker.
Cover, and cook on LOW heat for 7 to 8 hours.
Stir in the tortellini, and sprinkle the mozzarella and cheddar cheese over the top.
Cover and cook for 15 more minutes on LOW, or until the tortellini is tender.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Grease baking sheets, or line with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth.
Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla.
Combine the flour, cocoa and baking powder; stir into the creamed mixture until well blended.
Dough will be stiff, so mix in the last bit by hand.
Mix in the chocolate chips and walnuts.
Divide dough into two equal parts.
Shape into 9x2x1 inch loaves.
Place onto baking sheet 4 inches apart.
Brush with mixture of water and yolk.
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until firm.
Cool on baking sheet for 30 minutes.
Using a serrated knife, slice the loaves diagonally into 1 inch slices.
Return the slices to the baking sheet, placing them on their sides.
Bake for 10 to 15 minutes on each side, or until dry.
Cool completely and store in an airtight container.
Place the roast into a slow cooker, and season with Italian dressing mix.
Pour in the water.
Cover, and cook on High for 6 to 7 hours.
During the last hour, shred the meat with two forks - if it does not shred easily, cook longer.
Add the peppers, and as much of the juice as you like for additional flavor.
Serve on buns.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Spray a 9x13-inch glass baking dish with cooking spray.
Toss the cubed chicken with the salt in a large bowl.
Place the chicken in a layer into the bottom of the baking dish.
Stir together tomatoes, water, garlic, and stuffing mix in a large bowl; set aside to soften.
Sprinkle the cheese on top of the chicken, then sprinkle with the Italian seasoning.
Spread the softened stuffing mixture on top.
Bake uncovered until the chicken cubes have turned white and are no longer pink in the center, about 30 minutes.
In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water.
Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes.
Add salt, oil and 4 cups flour to the yeast mixture; beat well.
Stir in the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, beating well with an electric mixer at medium speed after each addition.
When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 6 minutes.
Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil.
Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 40 minutes.
Punch dough down, and divide into 8 equal portions.
Shape each portion into a 4 inch round loaf.
Place loaves on lightly greased baking sheets sprinkled with cornmeal.
Cover and let rise in a warm place, free from drafts, until doubled in bulk, about 35 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a small bowl, beat together egg white and 1 tablespoon water; lightly brush the loaves with half of this egg wash.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Brush with remaining egg mixture, and bake 10 to 15 more minutes or until golden.
Cool on wire racks.
To make bowls: Cut a 1/2 inch thick slice from top of each loaf; scoop out centers, leaving 3/4-inch-thick shells.
Fill bread bowls with hot soup and serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
In a small shallow bowl, stir together the bread crumbs, cheese, cornmeal, oil, italian seasoning, garlic powder and pepper; set aside.
Coat the rack of a broiling pan with cooking spray.
Place the cod on the rack, folding under any thin edges of the filets.
Brush with the egg white, then spoon the crumb mixture evenly on top.
Bake in a preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until the fish flakes easily when tested with a fork and is opaque all the way through.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, combine tomatoes, onion, olive oil, oregano, basil and parsley.
Place bread on a baking sheet, and top with tomato mixture.
Sprinkle with Parmesan.
Bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until bottom of bread is browned.
Allow to cool 5 minutes before serving.
Whisk together the balsamic vinegar, chicken broth, sugar, garlic, and Italian seasoning in a bowl, place the chicken breasts in the marinade, and marinate for 10 minutes on each side.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Remove the chicken from the marinade and reserve the marinade.
Place the chicken in the heated pan and cook until they start to brown and are no longer pink inside, about 7 minutes per side.
Pour the marinade into the skillet, and cook until it thickens slightly, turning the chicken breasts over once or twice, about 5 minutes.
Preheat a grill for medium-high heat.
Place the tilapia fillets side by side on a large piece of aluminum foil.
Season each one with salt and pepper.
Place one tablespoon of butter on top of each piece of fish, and sprinkle garlic, basil and tomato.
Pour the wine over everything.
Fold foil up around fish, and seal into a packet.
Place packet on a cookie sheet for ease in transportation to and from the grill.
Place foil packet on the preheated grill, and cook for 15 minutes, or until fish flakes easily with a fork.
Open the packet carefully so as not to get burned from the steam, and serve.
Combine the flour, salt and pepper in a plastic bag.
Shake the chicken pieces in flour until coated.
Heat the oil in a large skillet (one that has a cover/lid).
Fry the chicken pieces until they are browned on both sides.
Remove from skillet.
Add the onion, garlic and bell pepper to the skillet and saute until the onion is slightly browned.
Return the chicken to the skillet and add the tomatoes, oregano and wine.
Cover and simmer for 30 minutes over medium low heat.
Add the mushrooms and salt and pepper to taste.
Simmer for 10 more minutes.
Place the Italian sausage links, spaghetti sauce, green pepper and onion into a slow cooker.
Stir to coat everything in sauce.
Cover, and cook on Low for 6 hours.
Serve on hoagie rolls.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a skillet over medium heat season ground beef with garlic powder and oregano.
Brown the meat and drain.
In a large sauce pan add spaghetti sauce, tomato sauce, and oregano; set aside.
In a skillet heat olive oil.
Saute garlic and onions for about 5 minutes.
Mix sauteed onions and garlic with meat into the sauce and cook for 15 to 20 minutes.
Combine mozzarella and provolone cheeses in a medium bowl.
In a medium bowl mix ricotta cheese, eggs, milk, and oregano.
Layer a 9x13 inch baking pan with just enough sauce to cover the bottom of the pan.
Lay three lasagna noodles in the pan.
Cover with sauce, then with ricotta mixture then sprinkle with mozzarella/provolone mixture; repeat layering.
Finish with a layer of noodles and remaining sauce.
Sprinkle with parmesan cheese.
Bake covered in a preheated oven at 375 degrees for 30 minutes.
Uncover and bake for 15 minutes.
In a medium bowl, mix tomatoes, dried basil, Parmesan cheese, olive oil, garlic, seasoning salt and ground black pepper.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator 8 hours, or overnight, before serving.
Place squash cubes into a steamer basket in a saucepan.
Add water, cover, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
Allow to steam until the squash is tender (10 to 15 minutes), then drain, and mash in a bowl with a fork.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat.
Add onion; cook and stir for 2 minutes until the onion begins to soften, then stir in the rice.
Continue cooking and stirring until the rice is glossy from the butter, and the onion begins to brown on the edges, about 5 minutes more.
Pour in the white wine; cook, stirring constantly, until it has evaporated.
Stir in the mashed squash and 1/3 of the hot chicken stock; reduce heat to medium.
Cook and stir until the chicken stock has been absorbed by the rice, 5 to 7 minutes.
Add half of the remaining chicken stock, and continue stirring until it has been absorbed.
Finally, pour in the remaining stock, and continue stirring until the risotto is creamy.
Finish by stirring in the Parmesan cheese, and seasoning to taste with salt and pepper.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add penne pasta and cook until tender yet firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes; drain.
Toss squash, zucchini, carrot, red bell pepper, tomatoes, green beans, and asparagus together in a bowl with 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, pepper, lemon juice, and Italian seasoning.
Arrange vegetables on the lined baking sheet.
Roast vegetables in preheated oven until tender, about 15 minutes.
Heat remaining olive oil and butter in a large skillet.
Cook onion and garlic in hot oil until tender, 5 to 7 minutes.
Mix cooked pasta, lemon zest, basil, parsley, and balsamic vinegar into the onion mixture.
Gently toss and cook until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes.
Remove from heat and transfer to a large bowl.
Toss with roasted vegetables and sprinkle with Romano cheese.
To make marinara sauce, heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat (see Cook's Note).
Add garlic, basil and red pepper flakes; cook and stir for a minute or two until fragrant.
Stir in sugar, vinegar, salt, and pepper.
Pour in tomatoes with their juices and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes.
Remove from heat and puree until smooth in food processor or blender.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook the zucchini in butter until browned and slightly tender.
Season with red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper.
Spoon a generous amount of the zucchini mixture into each sandwich roll.
Cover zucchini with about 1/4 cup marinara sauce per roll.
Top with a handful of shredded mozzarella.
Close the rolls, and wrap individually in aluminum foil.
Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until bread is heated through, rolls are soft, and cheese is melted.
Cook linguine according to package directions.
Add broccoli for last 4 minutes of cooking time.
Drain.
Heat butter in skillet.
Cook chicken until browned, stirring often.
Add soup, milk, cheese, black pepper and linguine mixture and heat through.
Serve with additional Parmesan cheese.
Place ground beef in a large soup pot.
Cook over medium heat until evenly browned.
Drain excess fat.
Stir in onion, celery, carrots, garlic, chopped tomatoes, tomato sauce, beans, water and bouillon.
Season with parsley, oregano and basil.
Simmer for 20 minutes.
Stir in cabbage, corn, green beans and pasta.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat.
Simmer until vegetables are tender and pasta is al dente.
Add more water if needed.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Spray a baking sheet with a thin layer of cooking spray.
Place squash halves cut side down on the baking sheet.
Bake squash 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a knife can be easily inserted.
Remove from oven, and cool.
Meanwhile, spray a non-stick saucepan with cooking spray.
Over medium heat, saute the onion and garlic until golden brown.
Stir in tomatoes, basil, bouillon cube, and black pepper.
Cook for about 15 minutes, or until you have a medium thick sauce.
Remove squash strands with a fork, reserving the shells.
Layer each half with a spoonful of the sauce, a layer of spaghetti squash strands, olives, and mozzarella cheese.
Repeat layers until shells are full, or until all of the ingredients are used.
Top with Parmesan cheese.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until Parmesan cheese melts.
Add the sugar and yeast to the warm water and let proof.
Stir in 4 cups of flour and beat until smooth.
Cover and let rest for 15 minutes.
Beat in the salt and then add enough remaining flour to make a stiff dough.
Knead until as soft and smooth as a bambino's behind.
Turn in a greased bowl, cover, and let double in size.
(I put it in the oven with the light on - perfect rising temperature.)
Once doubled, punch down and divide into three.
Place back in the bowl, cover, and let rise.
Once doubled again, punch down and form into three fat "footballs."
Grease heavy cookie sheets and sprinkle with corn meal.
Place the bread on the sheets, cover with a towel, and let rise.
Once risen, mist with water and place in a preheated 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) oven.
Mist loaves with water and turn occasionally while they bake.
Bread is done when golden brown and sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom.
Place the sausage in a large pot over medium high heat and saute for 10 minutes, or until well browned.
Drain the fat except for about 1 tablespoon, add the onions and garlic and saute for 5 more minutes.
Next add the beef stock, water, wine, tomatoes, carrots, basil, oregano and tomato sauce.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes, skimming any fat that may surface.
Add the zucchini, tortellini, green bell pepper and parsley to taste.
Simmer for 10 minutes, or until tortellini is fully cooked.
Pour into individual bowls and garnish with the cheese.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onion and garlic; cook about 5 minutes.
Add frozen peas, and stir in stock.
Season with salt and pepper.
Cover, and cook until the peas are tender, about 5 minutes.
Sprinkle both sides of the eggplant slices with salt.
Place slices in a colander, and place a dish underneath the colander to capture liquid that will sweat out of the eggplant.
Allow to sit for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, mix the ricotta, mozzarella cheese and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.
Mix in egg and basil.
Rinse the eggplant in cold water until all salt is removed.
In a large skillet, heat 4 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat.
Place one layer of eggplant in the pan, brown each side.
Repeat with remaining eggplant slices, using additional oil if necessary.
In a 9x13 inch baking dish, evenly spread 1 1/2 cups of spaghetti sauce.
Arrange a single layer of  eggplant slices on top of the sauce.
Top the eggplant with 1/2 of the cheese mixture.
Repeat layering process until all the eggplant and cheese mixture is used.
Pour remaining sauce on top of layers, and sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese.
Bake 30 to 45 minutes in the preheated oven, until sauce is bubbly.
Combine green beans and 1/2 cup water in a medium pot.
Cover, and bring to boil.
Reduce heat to medium, and let beans cook for 10 minutes, or until tender.
Drain well.
Place beans in a medium serving bowl, and mix in bread crumbs, olive oil, salt, pepper, garlic powder, oregano and  basil.
Toss mixture until the beans are coated.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, and serve.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Slice the tops off of garlic heads so the tip of each clove is exposed.
Place garlic on a baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil.
Bake until garlic is soft, about 30 minutes.
Set the oven to broil.
Slice the loaf of bread in half horizontally, and place cut-side up on a baking sheet.
Squeeze the cloves of garlic from their skins into a medium bowl.
Stir in the butter, parsley, and Parmesan cheese until well blended.
Spread onto the cut sides of the bread.
Broil bread until toasted, about 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large skillet, cook and stir ground beef until brown.
Add mushrooms and onions; saute until onions are transparent.
Stir in pasta sauce, and heat through.
In a medium size bowl, combine cottage cheese, ricotta cheese, grated Parmesan cheese, and eggs.
Spread a thin layer of the meat sauce in the bottom of a 13x9 inch pan.
Layer with uncooked lasagna noodles, cheese mixture, mozzarella cheese, and meat sauce.
Continue layering until all ingredients are used, reserving 1/2 cup mozzarella.
Cover pan with aluminum foil.
Bake in  preheated oven for 45 minutes.
Uncover, and top with remaining half cup of mozzarella cheese.
Bake for an additional 15 minutes.
Remove from oven, and let stand 10 to 15 minutes before serving.
Mix together the tomato paste, water, and olive oil.
Mix well.
Add garlic, salt and pepper to taste, oregano, basil, and rosemary.
Mix well and let stand several hours to let flavors blend.
No cooking necessary, just spread on dough.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a shallow dish, stir together the flour, salt and pepper.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs and water with a fork.
In a third bowl, or shallow dish, mix together the cracker crumbs, 1/3 cup of Parmesan cheese and basil.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Dredge the cube steaks in the seasoned flour, dip into the egg mixture, and coat with the cracker crumb mixture.
Place them in the skillet, and fry just until browned on each side.
Arrange steaks in a single layer in a greased casserole dish.
Bake for 25 minutes in the preheated oven.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, stir together the tomato sauce, sugar, 1/4 teaspoon of oregano, and garlic powder.
Spoon over steaks when the 25 minutes are up.
Top each steak with mozzarella cheese and remaining Parmesan cheese; sprinkle remaining oregano over the top.
Bake for 5 more minutes, or until the cheese is melted, and the sauce is hot.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large pot over medium heat saute spinach, onion, oregano, basil and garlic in the olive oil.
Pour in spaghetti sauce and water; simmer 20 minutes.
In a large bowl mix cottage cheese, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt, pepper and egg.
Place a small amount of sauce in the bottom of a lasagna pan.
Place 4 uncooked noodles on top of sauce and top with layer of sauce.
Add 4 more noodles and layer with 1/2 sauce and 1/2 cheese mixture, noodles and repeat until all is layered, finishing with sauce.
Cover with foil and bake in a preheated oven for 55 minutes.
Remove foil and bake another 15 minutes.
Let sit 10 minutes before serving.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add manicotti and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a bowl, mix 3 cups mozzarella cheese, ricotta cheese, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, garlic, egg, and basil.
Stuff cooked manicotti with the mixture.
Spread about 2 cups pasta sauce over the bottom of the prepared baking dish.
Arrange stuffed manicotti in the dish, and cover with remaining sauce.
Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella cheese.
Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven.
Sprinkle with remaining Parmesan, and continue baking 10 minutes, until mozzarella is melted and bubbly.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta in boiling water until done; drain.
Return pasta to the pot.
Mix in olive oil, garlic, tomatoes, feta, and Parmesan cheese.
Stir in cilantro and season with salt and pepper.
Serve warm.
In a medium sized bowl, combine flour and salt.
Make a well in the flour, add the slightly beaten egg, and mix.
Mixture should form a stiff dough.
If needed, stir in 1 to 2 tablespoons water.
On a lightly floured surface, knead dough for about 3 to 4 minutes.
With a pasta machine or by hand roll dough out to desired thinness.
Use machine or knife to cut into strips of desired width.
Spray the crock of a slow cooker with non-stick cooking spray.
Place chicken breasts in crock.
Combine Italian dressing mix, and water in a small bowl.
Pour over chicken; sprinkle with garlic, cover, and cook on Low 4 hours.
After 4 hours, whisk softened cream cheese and cream of chicken soup together in a  bowl.
Pour over chicken; stir in mushrooms.
Cover and cook on Low for 1 additional hour.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat.
Once the water is boiling, stir in the spaghetti, and return to a boil.
Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 12 minutes.
Drain well in a colander set in the sink.
To serve, spoon chicken and sauce over hot cooked pasta and sprinkle with parsley.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Cook celery, onion, garlic, parsley, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, and salt in the hot oil until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in chicken broth, tomatoes and tomato sauce, and simmer on low for 15 to 20 minutes.
Add pasta and cook 10 minutes, until pasta is tender.
Add undrained beans and mix well.
Heat through.
Serve with grated Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top.
Blend the spinach, basil, pine nuts, Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, pepper, lemon juice, lemon zest, and 2 tablespoons olive oil in a food processor until nearly smooth, scraping the sides of the bowl with a spatula as necessary.
Drizzle the remaining olive oil into the mixture while processing until smooth.
Heat the oil and 2 tablespoons white wine in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add chicken and saute about 4 to 6 minutes each side, until golden.
Remove chicken from skillet and set aside.
Saute garlic in pan drippings for 30 seconds, then add onion and saute for 3 minutes.
Add tomatoes and bring to a boil.
Lower heat, add 1/2 cup white wine and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add thyme and basil and simmer for 5 more minutes.
Return chicken to skillet and cover.
Cook over low heat until the chicken is cooked through and no longer pink inside.
Add olives and parsley to the skillet and cook for 1 minute.
Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve.
Cut chicken breasts into 1 x 3 inch strips, and dredge in flour.
In 10 inch skillet, heat oil and butter.
Add chicken.
Cook, turning occasionally, until lightly browned on all sides (3 to 4 minutes).
Using tongs, remove chicken from skillet.
Set aside and keep warm.
To same skillet, add shallots and garlic.
Saute until softened (1 minute).
Add water, wine, broth mix, and seasonings.
Mix well.
Cook, stirring frequently, until liquid is reduced by 1/2 (3 to 4 minutes).
Return chicken to skillet, and cook until sauce is thick and chicken is heated through (2 to 3 minutes).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add fettucine pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a large skillet melt the butter and add the chopped garlic.
Cook on low for about 5 minutes, stirring often, making sure not to burn the garlic.
Pour about a 1/4 cup of the heavy cream into a small bowl.
Add the egg yolk and beat together; put aside.
Pour the remaining cream into the frying pan.
Increase the heat to medium-high.
As the cream starts to boil, mix rapidly using a whisk.
Slowly add the cream/egg mixture.
You do not want the egg to curdle.
Continue whisking until well blended.
Add 1 cup of the Parmesan cheese and continue to mix the cream.
Pour in the remaining Parmesan and the parsley, mix until smooth.
Immediately remove from stove.
Serve over cooked pasta.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add lasagna and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente.
Rinse in cold water and drain well.
Meanwhile, in a large sauce pan over medium heat add oil and cook broccoli or spinach and green onions until tender, stirring frequently.
Remove pan from heat and stir in ricotta cheese, Parmesan cheese, salt and egg.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place noodles in a single layer on a sheet of waxed paper.
Evenly spread some of the cheese mixture on each noodle.
Roll up each noodle from the short end, jelly-roll style.
In a 8x12 inch baking dish, spoon about 3/4 of the Alfredo sauce on the bottom and spread evenly.
Arrange the rolled noodles, seam side down, in the dish.
Top with mozzarella cheese and remaining sauce.
Cover loosely with foil and bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes or until hot and bubbly and the cheese is melted.
Serve.
In a large pot, cook sausage over medium heat until brown.
Remove with a slotted spoon, and drain on paper towels.
Drain fat from pan, reserving 3 tablespoons.
Cook garlic and onion in reserved fat for 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes, wine, broth, basil, and oregano.
Transfer to a slow cooker, and stir in sausage, zucchini, bell pepper, and parsley.
Cover, and cook on Low for 4 to 6 hours.
Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta in boiling water until al dente, about 7 minutes.
Drain water, and add pasta to the slow cooker.
Simmer for a few minutes, and season with salt and pepper before serving.
Heat olive oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat.
Saute shallots until softened.
Stir in onion and bacon, and cook until bacon is evenly browned.
Stir in garlic when bacon is about half done.
Remove from heat.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente.
Drain pasta, then return it to the pot.
In a medium bowl, whisk together egg yolks, cream, and shredded Parmesan.
Pour the bacon mixture over the pasta, then stir in the cream mixture.
Season with salt and pepper.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Coat a medium baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
In a shallow bowl, mix bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, Romano cheese, garlic powder, and salt.
Brush both sides of orange roughy fillets with butter, and dredge in the bread crumb mixture.
Arrange fillets in a single layer in the prepared baking dish, and sprinkle with parsley.
Bake in preheated oven 10 to 15 minutes, or until the fish flakes easily with a fork.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 2 1/2 quart baking dish.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a large skillet over medium heat, cook beef until brown; drain.
Stir in pasta sauce; remove from heat.
In a bowl, combine ricotta, 1 cup mozzarella, Parmesan and beaten egg.
Stir until well combined.
In the prepared dish layer half the pasta, half the sauce and half the cheese mixture.
Repeat.
Top with remaining mozzarella.
Bake in preheated oven 34 to 40 minutes, until hot and bubbly.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet with a lid over medium heat, and cook and stir the chicken and garlic until the chicken is no longer pink in the center, 5 to 8 minutes.
Pour the wine and diced tomatoes with their juice into the skillet, and bring to a boil over high heat while scraping any browned bits of food off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon.
Stir in the shell pasta, and return to a boil.
Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the shells have cooked through, but are still firm to the bite, about 10 minutes.
Spread the spinach over the top of the pasta, cover, and simmer until the spinach leaves are cooked, about 5 minutes.
Sprinkle the mozzarella cheese evenly over the skillet, and simmer until the cheese has melted and the pasta is bubbling, about 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a small saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and mix with garlic powder and dried parsley.
Place Italian bread on a medium baking sheet.
Using a basting brush, brush generously with the butter mixture.
Bake in the preheated oven approximately 10 minutes, until lightly toasted.
Remove from heat.
Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese and any remaining butter mixture.
Return to oven approximately 5 minutes, or until cheese is melted and bread is lightly browned.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Lightly grease a shallow baking dish.
Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir in zucchini, onion, and garlic.
Cook and stir 5 minutes or until tender.
Remove saucepan from heat and mix in tomatoes, basil, salt, and pepper.
Arrange halibut steaks in a single layer in the prepared baking dish.
Spoon equal amounts of the zucchini mixture over each steak.
Top with feta cheese.
Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until fish is easily flaked with a fork.
Place chicken breasts between two pieces of wax paper, and pound to 1/4 inch thick with a meat mallet.
Dust chicken with flour, salt , pepper and oregano.
In a skillet,  fry  chicken in olive oil over medium heat.
Cook until done, turning to cook evenly.
Set aside, and keep warm.
In the same pan, melt the butter over medium heat; add mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, and Marsala wine.
Cook for approximately 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Mix in spinach, and cook for about 2 minutes.
Serve over chicken.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place farfalle pasta in the pot, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Mix in the chile paste and chicken.
Cook and stir chicken 10 minutes, or until evenly browned and juices run clear.
Toss the cooked farfalle, pesto, Parmesan cheese, and cilantro into the skillet, and continue cooking just until heated through.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Cook spinach according to package directions; drain.
In a medium bowl, combine chicken and one jar of Alfredo sauce, stir together.
In a separate bowl, combine ricotta and drained, cooked spinach, and stir.
In a 9 x 13 baking dish, place one layer of lasagna noodles, edges overlapping.
Pour chicken and Alfredo sauce mixture over noodle layer and spread evenly.
Sprinkle 1 cup of shredded mozzarella over chicken mixture.
Top with another layer of noodles.
Spread spinach mixture evenly over noodles.
Pour 1/2 of remaining jar of Alfredo sauce over spinach mixture, spread evenly.
Sprinkle another cup of mozzarella over sauce, lay on the final noodle layer and top with remaining 1/2 jar of Alfredo sauce, 2 cups of mozzarella, and salt and pepper to taste.
Bake 50 to 60 minutes, until top is brown and bubbly.
Place potato flakes in a medium-size bowl.
Pour in boiling water; stir until blended.
Let cool.
Stir in egg, salt, and pepper.
Blend in enough flour to make a fairly stiff dough.
Turn dough out on a well floured board.
Knead lightly.
Divide dough in half.
Shape each half into a long thin roll, the thickness of a breadstick.
With a knife dipped in flour, cut into bite-size pieces.
Place a few gnocchi in boiling water.
As the gnocchi rise to the top of the pot, remove them with a slotted spoon.
Repeat until all are cooked.
Preheat oven to broil.
In a medium bowl combine butter, mayonnaise, sage, garlic, oregano, salt and pepper.
Spread mixture evenly on bread and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Place bread under broil for 5 minutes, or until lightly toasted.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onions and Italian sausage until the sausage is browned, about 10 minutes.
Transfer the sausage and onions to a slow cooker.
In the same skillet, cook and stir the ground beef, Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon of garlic powder, and marjoram, breaking the meat up as it cooks, until the meat is browned, about 10 minutes.
Transfer the ground beef into the slow cooker.
Stir in the tomato sauce, tomato paste, diced tomatoes, stewed tomatoes, thyme, basil, oregano, and 2 teaspoons of garlic powder.
Set the cooker on Low, and cook the sauce for 8 hours.
About 15 minutes before serving, stir in the sugar.
Serve hot.
Cook and drain spaghetti.
Stir in margarine, parmesan cheese and eggs, while spaghetti is hot.
Form spaghetti mixture into a crust in a buttered 10 inch pie plate.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a skillet cook the beef, onion, green pepper and garlic.
Drain off the fat and stir in the undrained tomatoes, tomato paste, sugar and oregano.
Heat through.
Spread cottage cheese over the spaghetti crust then pour in the beef and tomato mixture.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 minutes.
Sprinkle mozzarella cheese over the top of the pie then bake for 5 minutes longer, until cheese melts.
Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in the onions and saute for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the onions are a dark golden brown.
Remove from heat, stir in the balsamic vinegar and set aside.
Heat the remaining oil in a separate large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the rice and mix well.
Let heat for about 2 minutes, then pour in the wine.
Reduce heat to medium low and start pouring in the broth about 1 cup at a time.
Add more broth as each cup is absorbed.
Continue in this manner until all the broth is absorbed and the rice is al dente, about 20 minutes.
Stir in the reserved onion mixture and allow to heat through.
Remove from heat and stir in the butter and chicken.
Season with salt and pepper to taste, and garnish each serving with fresh thyme.
Stir together olive oil, garlic, and salt; toss with tomatoes, and allow to stand for 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Brush each pizza crust with some of the tomato marinade.
Sprinkle the pizzas evenly with Mozzarella and Fontina cheeses.
Arrange tomatoes overtop, then sprinkle with shredded basil, Parmesan, and feta cheese.
Bake in preheated oven until the cheese is bubbly and golden brown, about 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Place sausage in a large, deep skillet.
Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown.
Drain, crumble and set aside.
In a large saucepan, heat marinara with 1 teaspoon basil until bubbling.
In a medium bowl, mix together ricotta, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, salt and pepper.
Spread bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish with sauce.
Layer 1/2 of the ziti, 1/2, the sausage, 1/2 of the ricotta, and 1/2 the mozzarella.
Spoon half of the sauce over top.
Repeat layers.
Sprinkle top with remaining 1/2 teaspoons basil and Italian seasoning.
Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes.
Heat oil in a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onion and garlic in oil for 5 minutes.
Stir in wine, sugar, basil, red pepper, tomato paste, lemon juice, Italian seasoning, black pepper and tomatoes; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium, and simmer uncovered about 15 minutes.
Stir in parsley.
Ladle over the hot cooked pasta of your choice.
In a large saucepan over medium heat, cook 2 cups cream until just bubbling.
Watch carefully, to ensure that it doesn't boil over.
Stir in bouillon and Asiago cheese.
Stir with a whisk until dissolved.
Add cornstarch mixture, and simmer until sauce is thickened, stirring constantly.
Mix in the sun-dried tomatoes.
Set aside, or cover and refrigerate for later use.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Place bacon in a large, deep skillet.
Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown.
Drain, crumble and set aside.
Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Saute red onion until soft and translucent.
Stir in garlic and cooked bacon, and cook for 2 minutes.
Stir in green onions, chicken and 1 cup cream.
Cook, stirring, until cream is heated through.
Add Asiago cream sauce, and heat through.
Toss with cooked pasta until evenly coated, and sprinkle with chopped parsley.
Melt 1/2 the butter in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the onions, and cook until golden brown.
Mix in orzo, mushrooms, and remaining butter.
Cook and stir 5 minutes, until butter is melted and mushrooms are tender.
Pour water and wine into the skillet, and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low.
Season with garlic powder, salt, and pepper.
Cook 7 to 10 minutes, until orzo is al dente.
Stir in the Parmesan cheese and parsley to serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9-inch springform pan.
Mix the cream cheese and ricotta cheese together in a mixing bowl until well combined.
Stir in the sugar, eggs, lemon juice, vanilla, cornstarch, flour, and butter.
Add the sour cream last and stir.
Pour the mixture into the prepared springform pan.
Bake in the preheated oven 1 hour; turn oven off and leave in oven 1 hour more.
Allow to cool completely in refrigerator before serving.
Sprinkle shanks with salt and pepper.
Heat oil in heavy large pot or Dutch oven over medium-high heat.
Working in batches, cook shanks until brown on all sides, about 8 minutes.
Transfer shanks to plate.
Add onions, carrots and garlic to pot and saute until golden brown, about 10 minutes.
Stir in wine, tomatoes, chicken broth and beef broth.
Season with rosemary and thyme.
Return shanks to pot, pressing down to submerge.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low.
Cover, and simmer until meat is tender, about 2 hours.
Remove cover from pot.
Simmer about 20 minutes longer.
Transfer shanks to platter, place in a warm oven.
Boil juices in pot until thickened, about 15 minutes.
Spoon over shanks.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F(175 degrees C).
Grease a cookie sheet or line with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
Beat in  eggs and vanilla.
Sift together the flour, cinnamon, baking powder, and salt; mix into the egg mixture.
Stir in the hazelnuts.
Shape dough into two equal logs approximately 12 inches long.
Place logs on baking sheet, and flatten out to about 1/2 inch thickness.
Bake for about 30 minutes in preheated oven, or until edges are golden and the center is firm.
Remove from oven to cool on the pans.
When loaves are cool enough to handle, use a serrated knife to slice the loaves diagonally into 1/2 inch thick slices.
Return the slices to the baking sheet.
Bake for an additional 10 minutes, turning over once.
Cool completely, and store in an airtight container at room temperature.
Cook pasta according to package directions.
Rinse in cold water, and drain.
In a large mixing bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, vinegar, salt, black pepper, and garlic until well blended.
Mix in basil.
Add pasta, tomatoes, bell peppers, and olives; fold gently until mixed.
Chill several hours.
Stir gently before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook lasagna noodles for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Drain, and rinse with cold water.
In a saucepan over low heat, mix together heavy cream, cream of mushroom soup, Parmesan cheese, and butter.
Simmer, stirring frequently, until well blended.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir the onion in olive oil until tender, then add garlic and mushrooms.
Mix in the chicken, and cook until heated through.
Season with salt and pepper.
Lightly coat the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish with enough of the cream sauce mixture to coat.
Layer with 1/3 of the lasagna noodles, 1/2 cup ricotta, 1/2 of the spinach, 1/2 the chicken mixture, and 1 cup mozzarella.
Top with 1/3 the cream sauce mixture, and repeat the layers.
Place the remaining noodles on top, and spread with remaining sauce.
Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until brown and bubbly.
Top with the remaining mozzarella, and continue baking until cheese is melted and lightly browned.
Mix together the flour, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and Italian seasoning on a plate.
One by one, dredge the chicken pieces lightly in the prepared flour mixture.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook the chicken pieces for 2 minutes per side, or until nicely browned.
Remove from the skillet and set aside.
Using the same skillet, cook and stir the garlic and onion until translucent, about 5 minutes.
Pour the white wine into the skillet, turn the heat to high, and cook until the wine reduces by half, 4 to 5 minutes.
Add the chicken broth, lemon juice, artichoke hearts, reserved artichoke liquid, and browned chicken to the skillet.
Reduce the heat to medium and cook until the sauce thickens, about 20 minutes.
Stir in the capers and butter.
Pour milk into a small bowl, and stir in the gelatin powder.
Set aside.
In a saucepan, stir together the heavy cream and sugar, and set over medium heat.
Bring to a full boil, watching carefully, as the cream will quickly rise to the top of the pan.
Pour the gelatin and milk into the cream, stirring until completely dissolved.
Cook for one minute, stirring constantly.
Remove from heat, stir in the vanilla and pour into six individual ramekin dishes.
Cool the ramekins uncovered at room temperature.
When cool, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 4 hours, but preferably overnight before serving.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan or Dutch oven.
Saute onions and garlic until tender, 2-3 minutes.
Add remaining ingredients (except sausage links) and simmer over low heat for 3 hours.
With one hour cooking time remaining, cook and brown sausages in a skillet.
When browned, place in sauce and continue to simmer.
Remove bay leaves before serving.
Serve over hot cooked noodles, with sausages on the side.
Pour milk into a small bowl, and stir in the gelatin powder.
Set aside.
In a saucepan, stir together the heavy cream and sugar, and set over medium heat.
Bring to a full boil, watching carefully, as the cream will quickly rise to the top of the pan.
Pour the gelatin and milk into the cream, stirring until completely dissolved.
Cook for one minute, stirring constantly.
Remove from heat, stir in the vanilla and pour into six individual ramekin dishes.
Cool the ramekins uncovered at room temperature.
When cool, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 4 hours, but preferably overnight before serving.
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Brush the tilapia fillets with oil on both sides, season with Creole seasoning to taste, then place into a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until the flesh is no longer translucent, and the fish flakes easily with a fork, about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in the garlic, and cook until the garlic has softened and the aroma has mellowed, about 2 minutes.
Stir in the Alfredo sauce and bring to a simmer.
Reduce the heat to low, and keep warm until the fish is ready.
Pour the sauce over the fish to serve.
Sprinkle with additional Creole seasoning if desired.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the carrots and celery; cook and stir until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes.
Stir in ground beef and pancetta, and cook until browned and crumbled; drain off any excess liquid, and return to heat.
Add marinara sauce, wine, and red pepper flakes, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir in cream, half of the Parmesan cheese, and rice.
Simmer 5 minutes more, or until most liquid has absorbed.
Place peppers in a shallow baking dish, and fill with beef mixture.
Drizzle with remaining olive oil and top with remaining Parmesan cheese.
Bake, uncovered, for 30 minutes in the preheated oven.
Serve hot.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Grease a cookie sheet.
In a large bowl, mix together oil, sugar, eggs, and molasses.
In another bowl, combine flours, baking powder, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg; mix into egg mixture to form a stiff dough.
Divide dough in half, and shape each half into a roll the length of the cookie.
Place rolls on cookie sheet, and pat down to flatten the dough to 1/2 inch thickness.
Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes.
Remove from oven, and set aside to cool.
When cool enough to touch, cut into 1/2 inch thick diagonal slices.
Place sliced biscotti on cookie sheet, and bake an additional 5 to 7 minutes on each side, or until toasted and crispy.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat oil in a skillet over low heat; cook garlic in oil until golden.
Add sieved tomatoes, and cook 5 minutes.
Stir in anchovies, tomato paste, capers, olives, and red pepper flakes.
Cook 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Toss pasta with sauce, and serve.
Mix yeast, warm water, and white sugar together in a large bowl.
Set aside for five minutes, or until mixture becomes foamy.
Stir olive oil, salt, herbs, garlic powder, onion powder, cheese, and 3 cups flour into the yeast mixture.
Gradually mix in the next three cups of flour.
Dough will be stiff.
Knead dough for 5 to 10 minutes, or until it is smooth and rubbery.
Place in an oiled bowl, and turn to cover the surface of the dough with oil.
Cover with a damp linen dish towel.
Allow to rise for one hour, or until the dough has doubled in size.
Punch dough down to release all the air.
Shape into two loaves.
Place loaves on a greased cookie sheet, or into two greased 9 x 5 inch loaf pans.
Allow to rise until doubled in size, about a 30 minutes.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 minutes.
Remove loaves from pan(s), and let cool on wire racks for at least 15 minutes before slicing.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Combine heavy cream and butter in a Dutch oven or large, heavy saucepan over medium heat.
Heat until butter melts, stirring occasionally; be careful not to bring mixture to a boil.
Stir in Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt, pepper and garlic powder.
Toss with cooked pasta and serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Drizzle garlic with olive oil, then wrap in aluminum foil.
Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Add potatoes, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.
Drain, cool and chop.
Stir in butter, milk, salt and pepper.
Remove the garlic from the oven, and cut in half.
Squeeze the softened cloves into the potatoes.
Blend potatoes with an electric mixer until desired consistency is achieved.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Add mushrooms to the hot oil, sprinkle with salt, and cook and stir until liquid from mushrooms has evaporated.
Stir butter into mushrooms, reduce heat to medium, and cook and stir mushrooms until golden brown, about 5 minutes.
Stir onion into mushrooms and cook, stirring often, until onion is translucent, 5 minutes.
Remove skillet from heat and stir garlic into mushroom mixture until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Transfer mixture to a mixing bowl.
Mix oats into mushroom mixture until thoroughly combined.
Gently stir 1 ounce Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese into mixture.
Add bread crumbs, 1/4 cup parsley, and 1 egg; season with salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and oregano.
Mix together with a fork until crumbly.
Stir in remaining 1 egg.
Mixture should hold together when pressed.
Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours.
For best flavor and texture, refrigerate overnight.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper.
Form mixture into small meatballs using a 2-tablespoon scoop.
Roll meatballs lightly between your hands until smooth, if desired; arrange meatballs on prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until meatballs are lightly golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes.
Bring pasta sauce to a boil in a large saucepan; reduce heat to low.
Gently stir meatballs into sauce until coated.
Simmer meatballs in sauce until cooked through, 45 minutes to 1 hour.
Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with 1 tablespoon Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and 1 tablespoon parsley.
Preheat the broiler.
In a medium bowl, mix marinated artichoke hearts, Romano cheese, red onion and mayonnaise.
Top French baguette slices with equal amounts of the artichoke heart mixture.
Arrange slices in a single layer on a large baking sheet.
Broil in the preheated oven 2 minutes, or until toppings are bubbly and lightly browned.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease three 9 inch round cake pans.
In a small bowl, dissolve the baking soda in the buttermilk; set aside.
In a large bowl, cream together 1/2 cup butter, shortening and white sugar until light and fluffy.
Mix in the eggs, buttermilk mixture, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup coconut, baking powder and flour.
Stir until just combined.
Pour batter into the prepared pans.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Allow to cool.
To Make Frosting:  In a medium bowl, combine cream cheese, 1/2 cup butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla and confectioners' sugar.
Beat until light and fluffy.
Mix in a small amount of cream to attain the desired consistency.
Stir in chopped nuts and remaining flaked coconut.
Spread between layers and on top and sides of cooled cake.
In a large pot with boiling salted water cook farfalle pasta until al dente.
Drain.
Meanwhile, melt butter in a large saucepan.
Add garlic cloves and cook until garlic browns.
Add the cream of chicken soup and milk, stirring until smooth.
Stir in the dried parsley, salt, and ground fresh pepper.
Let simmer for 2 to 3 minutes.
Add bite size chicken pieces and hydrated sun dried tomatoes.
Simmer for 6 to 8 minutes.
Mix in grated Romano cheese.
Toss cooked and drained pasta with chicken sauce.
Serve warm.
In a food processor, combine the butter, feta cheese, cream cheese, garlic, shallot, vermouth, and white pepper.
Process until smooth.
Oil a medium bowl, or gelatin mold, and line with plastic wrap for easy removal.
Layer the dip into the mold as follows: Sun-dried tomatoes, pine nuts, pesto, cheese mixture.
Repeat.
Pat down into the mold, and refrigerate for at least one hour.
Turn the dip out onto a serving plate, and remove plastic wrap.
Serve with crackers.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Place ground beef in a large, deep skillet.
Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown.
Stir in pepperoni, and cook until browned.
Drain excess fat.
Stir in pizza sauce.
Remove from heat, and set aside.
Cut biscuits into quarters, and place in the bottom of baking dish.
Spread meat mixture evenly over the biscuits.
Sprinkle top with onion, olives and mushrooms.
Bake uncovered in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes.
Sprinkle top with mozzarella and Cheddar cheese.
Bake an additional 5 to 10 minutes, until cheese is melted.
Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute onion until tender and translucent.
Stir in garlic and butter, and saute until garlic is soft and fragrant, about 1 minute.
Dissolve flour in milk, then stir in.
Season with salt and pepper, and simmer 4 minutes, stirring constantly.
Add cheese, and stir until melted.
Stir in pesto.
Add shrimp, mushrooms and tomatoes.
Cook 4 minutes, or until heated through.
Toss with pasta until evenly coated.
In a blender or food processor, combine mayonnaise, onion, vinegar, and sugar.
Season with Italian seasoning, garlic powder, salt, and pepper.
Blend until smooth.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook lasagna noodles for 5 to 8 minutes, or until just slightly underdone; drain and rinse.
In a large mixing bowl, mix together grated cheese, ricotta cheese, tofu,  frozen spinach, and 1 cup Parmesan cheese.
Lay out a noodle.
Spread a layer of the cheese mixture on the noodle, then add a thin layer of sauce.
Roll the noodle up, and place seam side down in a 13x9 pan.
Repeat for other noodles.
Top with remaining sauce and Parmesan cheese.
Bake in a preheated 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven  for 30 min, or until hot and bubbly.
Using a toothpick, spear a half of a tomato, a leaf of basil, a mozzarella ball, and another half of a tomato.
Repeat with remaining ingredients.
Place on a serving dish and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Mix the vinegar and oil together in a small bowl to serve as a dipping sauce.
Heat a large soup pot over medium-high heat.
Crumble sausage into pot; cook and stir until browned, about 10 minutes.
Drain and discard grease.
Stir half-and-half, potatoes, chicken broth, milk, onion, oregano, and red pepper flakes into sausage, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to low.
Simmer until potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes.
Season with black pepper; stir kale into soup.
Simmer until kale is tender, 10 to 15 more minutes.
In a large pot over medium heat, cook beef until no longer pink.
Drain and set aside.
In the same pot, heat the olive oil.
Cook onion, celery, garlic and black pepper until vegetables are tender, 10 minutes.
Stir in beef broth, crushed tomatoes and tomato paste.
Season with thyme, basil, oregano and parsley.
Cover, reduce heat and simmer 1 hour.
(At this point, you may put the pot on a back burner to keep warm and continue with the next steps about 1 hour prior to serving, if you wish.)
Stir in the beef and simmer 15 minutes.
Stir in the pasta and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes.
Stir in the beans and heat through, 10 to 15 minutes.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Saute the onion and garlic in the olive oil until onion is tender and garlic is lightly browned.
Remove garlic, and stir in the parsley, celery, salt, and pepper.
Cook until celery is tender, then add the mushrooms.
Reduce heat to low, and continue cooking until the mushrooms are soft.
Pour the milk and cream into the skillet, and stir in the rice.
Heat to a simmer.
Stir the vegetable stock into the rice one cup at a time, until it is absorbed.
When the rice has finished cooking, stir in the butter and Parmesan cheese, and remove from heat.
Serve hot.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onion and garlic, and cook until onion is tender.
Mix in wine and tomatoes, and continue cooking 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Mix shrimp into the skillet, and cook 5 minutes, or until opaque.
Toss with pasta and top with Parmesan cheese to serve.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Place almonds on a cookie sheet, and bake for 10 minutes, or until lightly toasted.
In a food processor, combine toasted almonds, garlic, basil, olive oil, nutmeg, salt and pepper.
Process until a coarse paste is formed.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Layer the sausage links onto a baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes, or until done.
Cut in half length-wise, then cut at an angle into 1/2 inch slices.
Place onions and bacon in a large saucepan and cook over medium heat until onions are almost clear.
Remove bacon and crumble.
Set aside.
Add garlic to the onions and cook an additional 1 minute.
Add chicken base or bouillon, water, and potatoes, simmer 15 minutes.
Add crumbled bacon, sausage, kale, and cream.
Simmer 4 minutes and serve.
Preheat your oven's broiler.
Place 6 slices of bread onto a baking sheet.
Spread a small handful of the mozzarella cheese over each slice.
Top with the remaining 6 slices of bread.
Mix together the butter and garlic powder, brush some over the tops of the sandwiches, or spread with the back of a tablespoon.
Sprinkle with dried oregano.
Place baking sheet under the broiler for 2 to 3 minutes, until golden brown.
Remove pan from oven, flip sandwiches, and brush the other sides with butter, and sprinkle with oregano.
Return to the broiler, and cook until golden, about 2 minutes.
Cut sandwiches in half diagonally, and serve immediately with vodka sauce on the side for dipping.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook according to package directions; drain.
Adjust oven rack to the highest position and turn oven on to Broil.
Generously butter or grease an 8x8 inch baking dish.
Bring marinara and Alfredo sauces along with spinach and 1 tablespoon of Italian seasoning to a simmer over medium-high heat.
Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir cooked tortellini into sauce, then pour into prepared baking dish.
Sprinkle with Mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, and remaining 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning.
Broil for a minute or two until cheese has melted and turned golden brown.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and set aside.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Meanwhile, melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Add mushrooms, onion and bell pepper and saute until tender.
Stir in cream of mushroom soup and chicken broth; cook, stirring, until heated through.
Stir in pasta, Cheddar cheese, peas, sherry, Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper and chicken.
Mix well and transfer mixture to a lightly greased 11x14 inch baking dish.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and paprika.
Bake in the preheated oven for 25 to 35 minutes, or until heated through.
In a small bowl, whisk together olive oil, white balsamic vinegar, garlic, and mustard powder.
Season to taste with salt and black pepper.
Stir in minced fresh herbs if desired.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook and stir beef, garlic, garlic powder, salt, and pepper in the hot skillet until meat is browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes.
Drain and discard grease.
Stir pasta sauce, Italian seasoning, basil, and oregano into ground beef mixture.
Ladle a generous layer of meat sauce into the bottom of a slow cooker; add a layer of ravioli.
Ladle another layer of meat sauce over ravioli layer; alternate with remaining ravioli and meat sauce until all ingredients are used.
Cook on Low for 3 to 5 hours.
Sprinkle ravioli mixture with mozzarella cheese and continue cooking until cheese is melted, 45 minutes to 1 hour more.
Saute onion in 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir garlic into onion and turn off heat.
Transfer onion mixture to a large mixing bowl.
Stir ground beef, ricotta cheese, parsley, egg, kosher salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper with onion mixture until almost combined; stir in bread crumbs and continue to mix until thoroughly blended.
Roll about 2 tablespoons of mixture into a 1-inch ball for each meatball.
Pour 2 tablespoons olive oil in same skillet used to cook onions.
Place skillet over medium heat and brown meatballs on all sides in hot oil, about 5 minutes.
Hold a crumpled paper towel in a tongs and use it to remove excess grease from skillet.
Pour marinara sauce and water over meatballs in skillet.
Stir to combine and bring to a simmer.
Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until meatballs are cooked through and no longer pink in the center, about 30 minutes.
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in mushrooms; cook and stir until mushrooms are tender, 5 to 7 minutes.
Transfer the mushrooms to a bowl and set aside.
Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in the skillet over medium heat.
Add the pork chops, browning on both sides, 7 to 10 minutes.
Place the pork chops on a plate, then drain all but 1 tablespoon of drippings from the skillet.
Stir in the garlic and onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Pour in the tomatoes, then season with basil, oregano, salt, and pepper.
Transfer the pork chops back to the skillet; cover and simmer until the pork chops are tender and no longer pink in the center, about 45 minutes.
Stir in some water if the mixture becomes too dry.
Place the bell pepper on top of the pork, then add the reserved mushrooms.
Continue to simmer until the bell pepper is tender, 5 to 10 minutes.
On a large platter, alternate and overlap the tomato slices, mozzarella cheese slices, and basil leaves.
Drizzle with olive oil.
Season with sea salt and pepper.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil and set aside.
Pulse garlic cloves in a food processor until minced.
Add onion and jalapeno, and pulse until minced again.
Scrape the onion mixture into a large bowl along with the turkey, blue cheese, bread crumbs, egg whites, and olive oil.
Season with soy sauce, dried parsley, Italian seasoning, pepper, and chili powder.
Mix well.
Roll the mixture into 2 inch balls, and place onto prepared baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, and no longer pink in the center, about 25 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a large bowl, toss bread with 1/3 cup olive oil, salt, pepper, and garlic.
Lay bread on a baking sheet, and toast in the preheated oven until golden, about 5 to 10 minutes; allow to cool slightly.
While the bread is in the oven, whisk together 1/4 cup of olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
Gently toss together the bread, tomatoes, onion, basil, olives, and mozzarella cheese.
Toss with the vinaigrette and let stand for 20 minutes before serving.
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place the ground turkey, onion, garlic, egg, bread crumbs, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, parsley, pesto, milk, salt, and black pepper in a bowl.
Mix until evenly blended, then form into 1 3/4-inch meatballs.
Make a hole in the meatball with your finger and place a cheese cube in the hole.
Seal the meatball around the cheese and place on a nonstick baking sheet.
Drizzle the olive oil over the meatballs.
Bake in the preheated oven until the meatballs are no longer pink in the center, about 30 minutes.
Heat the marinara sauce in a saucepan over low heat.
Bring to a simmer, and place the baked meatballs in the marinara sauce for about 2 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Grease a baking dish.
Spread about 2 tablespoons of pesto per chicken breast over the top of each breast, and wrap each breast in prosciutto slices to cover the entire breast.
Place the wrapped chicken breasts into the prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until the chicken is no longer pink, the juices run clear, and the prosciutto is lightly crisped, about 25 minutes.
Combine flour, salt, and white and black peppers.
Dredge chicken in seasoned flour and shake off excess.
Heat canola oil and olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Add chicken breasts and cook until golden brown on both sides, and no longer pink on the inside; set aside.
Pour in chicken broth and lemon juice.
Bring to a simmer, scraping the bottom of the pan to dissolve the caramelized bits.
Add artichoke hearts and capers, return to a simmer, and cook until reduced by half.
Whisk butter into sauce until melted.
Place cooked chicken back into pan, and simmer in the sauce for a few minutes to reheat.
Serve on a platter sprinkled with chopped fresh parsley.
In a large saucepan, heat oil.
Cook onion and celery in oil for 5 to 8 minutes, or until tender.
Add garlic, and cook for 30 seconds, continually stirring.
Stir in beans, chicken broth, pepper, thyme and 2 cups water.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and then simmer for 15 minutes.
With slotted spoon, remove 2 cups of the bean and vegetable mixture from soup and set aside.
In blender at low speed, blend remaining soup in small batches until smooth, (it helps to remove the center piece of the blender lid to allow steam to escape.)
Once blended pour soup back into stock pot and stir in reserved beans.
Bring to a boil, occasionally stirring.
Stir in spinach and cook 1 minute or until spinach is wilted.
Stir in lemon juice and remove from heat and serve with fresh grated Parmesan cheese on top.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Saute the prosciutto, sage, parsley, sun-dried tomatoes, and onion 5 minutes, until onion is tender.
Mix the pork strips into the skillet, and brown about 10 minutes, turning once.
Stir the broth and heavy cream into the skillet, and season with salt and pepper.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until pork reaches a minimum temperature of 145 degrees F (63 degrees C) and sauce is thickened.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Cream butter or margarine in a bowl, gradually add confectioners' sugar and salt.
Beat until light and fluffy.
Add almonds and vanilla.
Blend in flour gradually and mix well.
Shape into balls (or crescents) using about 1 teaspoon for each cookie.
Place on ungreased cookie sheets, and bake for 15-20 min.
Do not brown.
Cool slightly, then roll in the extra confectioners' sugar.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente, drain.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine ricotta cheese, 4 ounces mozzarella cheese, Monterey Jack cheese, sour cream, bread crumbs, parsley and salt and pepper to taste; mix well.
In a 9 x 13 inch baking dish, spray dish with non-stick cooking spray and cover bottom of dish with a thin film of spaghetti sauce.
Fill each manicotti with cheese mixture and place in dish; cover with remaining sauce.
Sprinkle remaining mozzarella cheese on top of sauce.
Bake in preheated oven uncovered for 40 minutes; serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Prepare and bake cake mix according to package directions for two 9-inch layers.
Cool and remove from pans.
In a large bowl, mix together sweetened condensed milk and melted chocolate.
Gradually stir in the water, then instant pudding until smooth.
Chill for at least 30 minutes.
Remove the chocolate mixture from the refrigerator, and stir to loosen.
Fold in whipped cream and return to the refrigerator for at least another hour.
Place one layer of cake onto a serving plate.
Top with 1 1/2 cups of the mousse, then cover with the remaining cake layer.
Frost with the remaining mousse, and refrigerate until serving.
Garnish with fresh fruit or chocolate shavings.
Preheat oven according to pizza crust package directions.
In a small bowl combine butter, olive oil, garlic, pesto, basil, oregano and Parmesan cheese.
Spread mixture evenly on pizza crust.
Arrange tomato, spinach, onion and jalapeno on pizza.
Top with crumbled feta cheese.
Bake according to pizza crust package directions.
Place the basil in a blender.
Pour in about 1 tablespoon of the oil, and blend basil into a paste.
Gradually add pine nuts, Brazil nuts, Parmesan cheese, garlic, chili powder, and remaining oil.
Continue to blend until smooth.
In a large mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy.
Gradually beat in cocoa and baking powder.
Beat for 2 minutes.
Beat in the eggs one at a time.
Stir in flour by hand.
Mix in white chocolate and chocolate chips.
Cover dough, and chill for about 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Divide dough into two parts, and roll each part into a 9 inch long log.
Place logs on lightly greased cookie sheet, about 4 inches apart.
Flatten slightly.
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
Cool on cookie sheet for 5 minutes, then carefully transfer to a wire rack to cool for one hour.
Cut each loaf into 1/2 inch wide diagonal slices.
Place slices on an ungreased cookie sheet, and bake at 325 degrees F ( 165 degrees C) for 9 minutes.
Turn cookies over, and bake for 7 to 9 minutes.
Cool completely, then store in an airtight container.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Spread pesto sauce over the pizza crust.
Arrange chicken pieces and artichoke hearts over the sauce, and sprinkle with cheese.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, until cheese is melted and lightly browned at the edges.
Spread one side of a slice of bread with butter, and place it, buttered side down, into a nonstick skillet over medium heat.
Spread the top of the bread slice in the skillet with half the pesto sauce, and place a slice of provolone cheese, the tomato slices, and the slice of American cheese onto the pesto.
Spread remaining pesto sauce on one side of the second slice of bread, and place the bread slice, pesto side down, onto the sandwich.
Butter the top side of the sandwich.
Gently fry the sandwich, flipping once, until both sides of the bread are golden brown and the cheese has melted, about 5 minutes per side.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat.
Add the angel hair pasta, and cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes; drain.
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the garlic, onion, parsley, salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, and white wine.
Once the mixture begins to bubble, increase the heat to medium-high, and stir in the shrimp.
Cook and stir until the shrimp turn pink, and are no longer transparent in the center, about 5 minutes.
Serve the scampi over a bed of angel hair pasta, and sprinkle with Asiago cheese and avocado to serve.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Pound chicken breasts flat, and lay them on work surface.
Sprinkle liberally with Parmesan cheese on both sides.
Place a pinch of minced garlic and 1 teaspoon butter in the center of each breast.
Cover each breast with a layer of prosciutto and mozzarella cheese.
Reserve some of the prosciutto to place on top of the chicken.
Roll up each chicken breast, and secure with toothpicks.
In a 9x13 inch baking dish, combine white wine and olive oil.
Arrange chicken rolls in dish.
Place a small piece of prosciutto on top of each roll, and sprinkle with pepper.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink, an juices run clear.
Bring vegetable or chicken stock to a boil in a medium stock pot, then reduce heat to a low simmer.
Melt butter in a large, heavy bottomed stock pot over medium heat.
Stir in onions and cook for 2 minutes, or until softened.
Add the rice and cook for another 2 minutes, stirring constantly, until lightly toasted.
Gradually ladle in simmering vegetable stock, stirring continuously.
Risotto will become "creamy" and slightly sticky, yet still firm in the center, or al dente.
When almost finished, stir in the zucchini, sun-dried tomatoes, and thyme, adding stock as needed and stirring continuously.
Stir in basil and 3 tablespoons cheese just before serving.
Divide risotto among 6 bowls, sprinkle with remaining cheese, and season with pepper to taste.
In a slow cooker saute together the onion, garlic, green pepper, and vegetable oil.
Cook until onion is transparent.
Add the chopped tomatoes, oregano, basil, parsley, sugar, salt, and ground black pepper.
Cook for 2 to 3 hours on low heat.
Stir frequently.
Let sauce cool.
Pour sauce into quart size freezer containers.
Store in freezer.
When ready to use sauce, stir in can of tomato paste.
In a small bowl, dissolve sugar and yeast in warm water.
Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes.
In a large bowl, combine the yeast mixture with flour; stir well to combine.
Stir in additional water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until all of the flour is absorbed.
When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead briefly for about 1 minute.
Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil.
Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
Deflate the dough and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface; knead briefly.
Pat or roll the dough into a sheet and place on a lightly greased baking sheet.
Brush the dough with oil and sprinkle with salt.
Bake focaccia in preheated oven for 10 to 20 minutes, depending on desired crispness.
If you like it moist and fluffy, then you'll have to wait just about 10 minutes.
If you like it crunchier and darker in the outside, you may have to wait 20 minutes.
Place the chicken breast in a saucepan with enough water to cover.
Bring to a boil, and cook until no longer pink, about 20 minutes.
Drain and cool slightly, then cut into strips.
Meanwhile, in a small skillet over medium heat, melt the butter with garlic, onion and basil.
Pour into a chilled dish to cool, and refrigerate until set.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Roll out the pizza dough, place onto a pizza pan or other baking sheet, and spread the herb butter over the surface using the back of a spoon.
Arrange chicken on top, then dot with ricotta cheese.
Top with tomato slices, cilantro and Parmesan cheese.
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes in the preheated oven, until crust is browned and center is cooked through.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a large bowl, mix together the ricotta cheese, eggs, Italian seasoning, mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese and spinach.
Set aside.
Divide the bread dough into 8 pieces and roll each piece out to about an 8 inch circle.
Spoon about 1/2 cup of the ricotta filling onto each circle, fold over and seal the edges.
Place onto a greased cookie sheet.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until nicely browned on the tops and bottoms.
In a large stockpot cook the ground beef, sausage, pepperoni, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, garlic, onion, carrots and celery.
Cook until beef is no longer pink.
Drain into a large colander to drain grease.
To the large saucepot, add the mushrooms, tomato sauce, tomatoes, tomato paste, bouillon cubes, bay leaves, thyme, oregano, basil, crushed red pepper, black pepper, sugar, and beef broth and stir well.
Pour the meat mixture into the pot.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat and cover.
Simmer for 2 hours.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Grease and flour a large baking sheet.
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
Beat in eggs, vanilla, almond extract, and zest.
Combine flour, baking powder, nutmeg, and salt.
Stir into the creamed mixture until just blended.
Mix in almonds.
Divide dough into two pieces.
Form into long flat loaves about 1/2 inch tall and 12 inches long.
Place the loaves 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes, or until a light golden brown.
Cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes.
With a serrated knife, cut diagonally into slices about 1/2 inch thick.
Lay the slices flat on the baking sheet.
Bake for 10 minutes, turning over once.
Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
Place chocolate chips into a small, microwave-safe bowl.
Melt chocolate in the microwave, stirring every 20 to 30 seconds until smooth.
Use a spatula to spread chocolate onto one side of each cookie.
Let stand at room temperature until set.
Store biscotti at room temperature in an airtight container.
In a large skillet, warm oil over medium heat and saute bacon, onion and garlic until bacon is browned and crisp; set aside.
In large saucepan, brown beef and pork.
Drain off excess fat.
Stir in bacon mixture, mushrooms, carrots, celery, tomatoes, tomato sauce, wine, stock, basil, oregano, salt and pepper to saucepan.
Cover, reduce heat and simmer one hour, stirring occasionally.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Serve sauce over hot pasta.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and set aside.
Place pork and beef in a large, deep skillet.
Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown.
Stir in tomato sauce, crushed tomatoes, parsley, garlic, oregano, onion, sugar, basil and salt.
Simmer over medium-low heat for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
In a large bowl, combine cottage cheese, eggs, Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt and pepper.
In a 9x13 inch baking dish, place 2 layers of noodles on the bottom of dish; layer 1/2 of the cheese mixture, 1/2 of the mozzarella cheese and 1/2 of the sauce; repeat layers.
Cover with aluminum foil and bake in preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes.
Remove foil and bake for another 5 to 10 minutes; let stand for 10 minutes before cutting; serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat.
Add the gnocchi pasta, and cook until they float to the surface, 2 to 3 minutes; drain.
Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the garlic, and cook until the garlic has softened and is beginning to turn golden brown, about 4 minutes.
Stir in the sage and salt for a few seconds, then add the cooked gnocchi.
Toss gently with 1/4 cup of Parmesan cheese and the pepper.
Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese to serve.
Place chicken in a shallow dish or large resealable plastic bag.
Pour the dressing over it, cover or seal, and marinate in the refrigerator for 12 to 24 hours.
Coat a large skillet with cooking spray or oil, and set over low heat.
Remove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade.
Fry chicken breast halves over low heat for about 30 minutes, or until juices run clear.
Arrange chicken on a serving platter.
Place a generous slice of fresh mozzarella on top of each piece.
Place a leaf of basil on top of the cheese, and cover with a slice of tomato.
Dash balsamic vinegar over the platter, and season with salt and pepper.
Serve!
In a large stoneware bowl, stir together the flours and salt.
Make a well in the center of the flour mixture.
Sprinkle the sugar and yeast into that well.
Carefully pour the water into the well.
Let stand until the yeast begins to act, about 5 minutes.
Pour 2 tablespoons of the oil into the well.
With a wooden spoon stir the mixture in the center of the bowl.
Gradually widen the circle of stirring to take in all of the flour at the sides of the well.
Turn out on a floured surface, and knead just until smooth.
Keep the dough soft.
Pour 1/2 teaspoon of the oil into a clean bowl.
Place the dough in the bowl, turning once to oil the top.
Cover.
Let rise until doubled, 30 to 45 minutes.
Punch the dough down.
Use 1 teaspoon of the oil to coat a baking sheet, and place the dough on the baking sheet.
Gently press the dough out to about 1/2 inch thickness.
Pour the remaining  1 1/2 teaspoons oil over the top of the dough.
Use the handle end of a wooden spoon to dimple the dough at 1 1/2 inch intervals.
Sprinkle with the rosemary and the cheese.
Place in a cold oven on the center shelf.
Place a flat pan of hot water on the shelf below the bread.
Let rise until doubled, 20 to 25 minutes.
Turn on the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bake the focaccia for 20 to 25 minutes, or until browned on top.
Remove from the pan, and cool on a wire rack.
Serve warm.
Prepare cake mix as directed on box.
Pour batter into 9 x 13 x 2 inch greased baking dish.
Set aside.
Combine ricotta cheese, sugar, vanilla, and eggs.
Blend well.
Spread mixture evenly over the top of the cake batter.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 75 minutes if using a glass baking dish,  90 minutes if using a metal pan.
Blend pudding mix and milk until thickened.
Blend in whipped topping.
Spread over cooled cake.
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta until al dente, rinse under cold water and drain.
In a large bowl, combine the pasta, Italian salad dressing, Caesar dressing, Parmesan cheese, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, and red onion.
Mix well and serve chilled or at room temperature.
Heat olive oil in a stockpot over medium heat.
Cook and stir onion in hot oil until softened, about 5 minutes; add tomatoes, garlic, and bay leaf.
Bring the liquid from the tomatoes to a boil, reduce to medium-low, and simmer mixture until tomatoes are softened, about 30 minutes.
Stir red wine, honey, basil, oregano, marjoram, salt, black pepper, fennel seed, and crushed red pepper into the tomato mixture; bring again to a simmer and cook until herbs have flavored the sauce, about 30 minutes more.
Stir balsamic vinegar into the sauce.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Add fettuccini pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente, adding broccoli for the last 4 minutes of cooking.
Drain.
Cut chicken breast meat into bite size pieces, trimming any fat off in the process.
In a large skillet melt butter or margarine over medium heat.
Add chicken and saute until well browned.
Add soup, milk and cheese and stir all together.
Add pasta/broccoli mixture and heat through.
Serve hot.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add gnocchi, and cook until tender, 5 to 8 minutes.
Meanwhile, crumble the sausage into a skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook and stir until evenly browned.
Drain grease, and stir in the spaghetti sauce.
Remove from heat, and carefully mix in the cooked gnocchi and half of the mozzarella cheese.
Transfer to a casserole dish.
Sprinkle the remaining cheese on top.
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes in the preheated oven, until the cheese is melted and the sauce is bubbly.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Oil 2 baking sheets and a 9x13-inch baking dish with 1 teaspoon olive oil.
Whisk eggs and water together in a shallow dish.
Combine Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, salt, and ground black pepper in a separate shallow dish.
Dip eggplant slices into egg mixture, then press each gently into bread crumb mixture.
Gently tap off any excess crumbs.
Arrange slices on the prepared baking sheets.
Bake eggplant slices in the preheated oven until tops are golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes.
Flip eggplant and bake an additional 20 to 25 minutes.
Remove eggplant from the oven and increase temperature to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat and stir in ground beef.
Season beef with salt and ground black pepper.
Cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes.
Drain excess grease.
Stir tomato sauce into ground beef; bring to a simmer and set sauce aside.
Place 1/3 of the eggplant slices on bottom of the dish.
Pour 1/3 of tomato sauce with ground beef on top of eggplant layer.
Sprinkle 1/3 of mozzarella cheese on top of sauce layer.
Repeat 2 more times, finishing with a layer of mozzarella cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is melted and sauce is bubbling, 10 to 15 minutes.
Cool for 5 minutes before slicing.
In a large pot over medium-high heat, bring milk, water, and salt to a boil.
Gradually whisk in polenta.
Reduce heat to low, and cover.
Cook 20 minutes, until creamy, lifting the lid and stirring every 3 or 4 minutes to prevent sticking.
Remove pot from stove, stir in pepper and butter.
Gradually stir in cheese.
Serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 5 to 8 minutes or until al dente.
Drain.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add chicken pieces, and cook, stirring until browned on the outside.
Stir in the garlic, basil, Cajun seasoning, salt, and pepper, then mix in the tomatoes.
Cook until tomatoes are semi soft, and chicken is cooked through.
Toss with pasta, and serve with crumbled feta cheese on top.
Combine egg, salt, milk.
Add flour.
(For thicker noodles add baking powder to flour before mixing.)
Separate into two balls.
Roll out dough, and let stand for 20 minutes.
Cut into strips and spread to dry--dust with a little flour.
Let dry for approximately 2 hours.
Drop into hot soup--cook for about 10 minutes.
Bring the rice and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the garlic until fragrant and soft, about 3 minutes.
Stir in the ground beef.
Cook and stir the meat, breaking it into crumbles as it cooks, until browned and the meat is no longer pink inside, about 10 minutes.
Drain off excess grease.
Place hot cooked rice, ground beef, salt and pepper, and 1/2 cup of pasta sauce in a bowl, and mix thoroughly together.
Mix in the Parmesan and mozzarella cheese until mozzarella cheese melts.
Scoop up handfuls of rice mixture, and gently form into  2 1/2-inch balls.
Place balls on a baking sheet, and refrigerate until cool and firm, about 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Remove the rice balls from the refrigerator, and roll each in beaten egg and then bread crumbs to thoroughly coat.
Return to baking sheet, and bake until the outside of the rice balls is crispy, about 25 minutes.
Heat 1 1/2 cups of pasta sauce in a saucepan over medium heat, and cover rice balls with heated sauce to serve.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
In a small bowl, mix butter, garlic salt, rosemary, basil, thyme, garlic powder and Parmesan cheese.
Spread each half of the French bread with equal portions of the butter mixture.
Sprinkle with additional Parmesan cheese, if desired.
Place bread halves, crusts down, on a medium baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven 10 to 12 minutes, or until the edges are very lightly browned.
Cut off tops of peppers, and remove ribs and seeds.
Chop edible portions of tops; set aside.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Add peppers, reduce heat, and simmer until tender but still firm, about 5 minutes.
Drain and set aside.
Heat butter in a medium skillet.
Saute reserved chopped pepper, onion and celery until tender, 3 to 5 minutes.
Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce and garlic.
Season with basil, oregano, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.
Simmer uncovered for 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Meanwhile, in a large mixing bowl, combine egg, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, Worcestershire sauce and Parmesan.
Mix in hot sausage, mild sausage, bread crumbs and 1 cup of the tomato sauce mixture.
Using a piping bag or sausage stuffer, fill each pepper with the meat mixture.
Place in a 3 quart casserole dish, and pour remaining tomato sauce mixture over peppers.
Bake uncovered in preheated oven for 1 hour.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Drain, and set aside.
Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook and stir chicken cubes, reducing heat if necessary, until no longer pink in center and juices run clear.
Set aside.
In a medium saucepan, bring 2 cups cream to a simmer, stirring often.
Whisk in bouillon and cheese until well blended and bouillon has dissolved completely.
Dissolve cornstarch in 2 tablespoons water, and whisk into mixture.
Cook and stir 2 minutes more, then remove from heat and set aside.
Melt butter in a medium skillet over medium high heat.
Stir in prosciutto, garlic, and mushrooms and cook until mushrooms are tender, about 3 minutes.
Add chicken, reduce heat, and continue cooking until chicken is heated through.
Return sauce to the stove and add remaining 1/4 cup cream and parsley flakes.
Heat through.
To serve, place pasta in a large mixing or serving bowl.
Add chicken and mushroom mixture and pour in cream sauce.
Toss well, and serve.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan, over medium heat.
Add leek, carrots, zucchini, green beans and celery.
Cover, and reduce heat to low.
Cook for 15 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally.
Stir in the stock, tomatoes and thyme.
Bring to a boil, then replace the lid, and reduce heat to low; simmer gently for 30 minutes.
Stir in the cannellini beans with liquid and pasta.
Simmer for an additional 10 minutes, or until pasta is al dente.
Season with salt and pepper to taste before serving.
Pour water into a large kettle, and add bouillon cubes.
Mix together the salt, garlic, Italian seasoning, black pepper, oregano, basil, and red pepper flakes on a large plate.
Rub roast with 1/2 cup vegetable oil.
Roll roast in seasoning mixture until well coated.
Place the roast in the kettle along with any left over seasoning mixture and oil.
Bring water to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer approximately  3 1/2 hours.
Meat should  be tender and well done.
Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Whisk the flour and garlic salt into the melted butter until the mixture is smooth.
Slowly beat the half and half into the sauce until completely incorporated.
Stir the garlic, parsley, and Parmesan cheese into the sauce, whisking continually.
Bring the sauce to a simmer; cook, stirring regularly, until the sauce has thickened, 4 to 5 minutes.
Use immediately or refrigerate.
Toss tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, olive oil, basil, salt, and pepper together in a bowl until well coated.
Skewer one tomato and one piece of mozzarella cheese on each toothpick.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add lasagna and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a medium bowl combine tofu, eggs, salt, pepper, nutmeg, milk, spaghetti sauce, parsley and 1 cup of mozzarella cheese.
Spread a layer in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Layer lasagna noodles with the sauce mixture, ending with sauce.
Sprinkle with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 35 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Oil an 11x7x2 inch baking dish.
Arrange a single layer of polenta in the bottom of the prepared baking dish.
Spread a thin layer of pesto over the polenta.
Spoon half of the sauce over the polenta.
Top with another layer of polenta and sauce.
Bake, uncovered, for 25 minutes.
Turn on the broiler.
Top polenta with cheese and pine nuts, and broil until cheese browns and nuts are toasted.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Place sausage links on a sheet pan and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until done.
Cut each link in half lengthwise, and then into 1/2 inch slices.
Set aside for later.
In a 4 quart saucepan over medium heat, saute the onions and the pancetta for 10 minutes, or until onions are almost clear.
Add the garlic and saute for one more minute.
Add the chicken base OR bouillon, water and potatoes and bring to a simmer for 15 minutes.
Add the kale, cream and reserved sausage, simmer for 5 more minutes and serve.
To Make Dough: Place water, yeast, sugar, flour, salt and powdered milk in the pan of the bread machine, in the order suggested by the manufacturer.
Select Dough cycle.
After cycle is completed, roll out dough on a lightly floured surface.
Meanwhile, brown sausage for about 8 to 10 minutes in a large skillet over medium heat.
Drain excess fat and reserve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Shape dough into a 16 inch by 10 inch rectangle.
Transfer to a lightly greased cookie sheet, and spoon pizza sauce lengthwise down the center of the dough, followed by the browned sausage and the cheese.
Make diagonal cuts 1 1/2 inches apart down each long side of the dough rectangle, cutting to within 1/2 inch of the filling.
Criss-cross cut strips of dough over the filling and seal edges with water.
Brush top of calzone with melted butter.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 45 minutes, or until golden brown.
Remove from oven and cool for 5 minutes, then slice and serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes.
(Firm or slightly undercooked orzo works best for this dish.)
Drain, transfer to a mixing bowl, and set aside.
Heat olive oil and butter in a large skillet over medium high heat, stirring to blend.
Stir in garlic, basil, and red pepper flakes, and reduce heat to medium.
Stir in pine nuts and cook until lightly browned.
Add spinach, cover, and cook on low heat for 5 minutes, or until spinach is wilted.
Toss spinach mixture with orzo pasta.
Portion onto serving plates with a drizzle of balsamic vinegar and a sprinkling of crumbled feta cheese and chopped tomatoes.
Allow guests to adjust seasoning with salt, as needed.
Enjoy!
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 12 minutes.
Drain and transfer to a pasta bowl.
Combine garlic and olive oil in a cold skillet.
Cook over medium heat to slowly toast garlic, about 10 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium-low when olive oil begins to bubble.
Cook and stir until garlic is golden brown, about another 5 minutes.
Remove from heat.
Stir red pepper flakes, black pepper, and salt into the pasta.
Pour in olive oil and garlic, and sprinkle on Italian parsley and half of the Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese; stir until combined.
Serve pasta topped with the remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.
Heat oil in 4-quart Dutch oven over medium heat until hot.
Add onion and garlic and cook for 5 minutes or until onion is tender.
Add undrained tomatoes, undrained cannellini beans, chicken broth, parsley, basil and pepper to Dutch oven and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally.
Let boil for approximately 1 minute and then let simmer for 10 minutes, covered.
Add pasta to Dutch oven and simmer approximately 10 to 12 minutes or until pasta is tender.
Serve immediately and enjoy.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the pasta, and cook for 8 minutes, or until tender.
Drain.
In the container of a food processor, combine the garlic, onion and oregano.
Pulse until finely chopped.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the onion mixture; cook and stir until fragrant and almost golden.
Mix in the tomatoes, basil, salt and pepper.
Simmer for about 5 minutes while the pasta is cooking, stirring occasionally.
Mix in spinach until it wilts, then just before the pasta is done, stir in the shrimp.
Cook until heated through.
Toss with pasta in a large serving bowl, and mix in mozzarella cheese.
Dissolve honey in the warm water in a large bowl, then sprinkle yeast over the top.
Let stand for 5 minutes until the yeast softens and begins to foam.
Stir in 1 tablespoon of salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, onions, and 5 cups of flour until the dough comes together.
Knead on a well floured surface until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes.
Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil.
Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 415 degrees F (215 degrees C).
Place dough onto oiled baking sheet, and flatten to cover the whole sheet evenly.
Use the tips of your fingers to make indentations all over the dough spaced about 1 inch apart.
Drizzle the focaccia with 3 tablespoons olive oil, then sprinkle rosemary, Parmesan cheese, and remaining 1 tablespoon of kosher salt over the top.
Let rise for 10 minutes
Bake in preheated oven 20 minutes until golden brown.
In a large skillet,  brown chops over medium-high heat.
Transfer to slow cooker.
In the same pan, cook onion in oil over medium heat until browned.
Stir in mushrooms and bell pepper, and cook until these vegetables are soft.
Mix in pasta sauce, diced tomatoes, and white wine.
Season with Italian seasoning, basil, and garlic.
Pour over pork chops in slow cooker.
Cook on Low for 7 to 8 hours.
To serve, place a slice of cheese over each chop, and cover with sauce.
In a 3 quart, microwave safe casserole dish combine butter, garlic and onion.
Place dish in microwave and cook on high for 3 minutes.
Place vegetable broth in a microwave safe dish.
Heat on microwave until the broth is hot but not boiling (approximately 2 minutes).
Stir the rice and broth into the casserole dish with the onion, butter and garlic mixture.
Cover the dish tightly and cook on high for 6 minutes.
Stir wine into the rice.
Cook on high for 10 minutes more.
Most of the liquid should boil off.
Stir the cheese into the rice and serve.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Brush cut sides of eggplant with olive oil and place, cut-side up onto a baking sheet.
Roast in preheated oven for 30 minutes, then remove and allow to cool slightly.
Meanwhile, brown the Italian sausage in a skillet over medium-high heat; drain off the grease.
Place into a mixing bowl, and season with garlic powder, Italian seasoning, and pepper.
Stir in bread crumbs, 1/2 cup of spaghetti sauce, 1/2 cup of mozzarella cheese, and the beaten egg; mix well.
Once the roasted eggplant has cooled enough to handle, scoop out the flesh to within 1/2-inch of the skin to create a shell.
Roughly chop the eggplant meat, and fold into the sausage mixture.
Divide evenly among the two eggplant shells, and sprinkle with remaining mozzarella cheese.
Bake in preheated oven until the filling has set, and the cheese is bubbly and golden-brown, about 30 minutes.
While the eggplant is baking, warm the remaining spaghetti sauce in a saucepan over medium-low heat to serve with the eggplant.
Place ingredients in the pan of the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Select Dough cycle; press Start.
Remove dough from pan after rise cycle and use for your favorite pizza recipe.
In a shallow baking dish, mix the salad dressing, garlic powder, and salt.
Place the chicken in the bowl, and turn to coat.
Marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours.
(For best results, marinate overnight.)
Preheat the grill for high heat.
Lightly oil grate.
Discard marinade, and grill chicken 8 minutes on each side, or until juices run clear.
Place ingredients in bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer.
Select the Basic or White Bread cycle, and press Start.
In a large saucepan heat oil over medium heat.
Saute onion, green onion and garlic.
When onions are clear, stir in tomatoes, basil, oregano and sugar.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 20 minutes.
In a slow cooker, combine beef, water, bouillon, onion, tomato sauce, barley, salt and pepper.
Cover, and cook on Low for 5 hours.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
In a large pot boil the zucchini until tender; drain.
Meanwhile, in a medium frying pan heat the olive oil over medium heat and saute the onion and garlic until the onion is tender.
Combine the zucchini, onion and garlic in a 9x12 inch casserole dish, and mix well.
Pour the spaghetti sauce over the mixture and stir well.
Top with mozzarella cheese (use more or less depending on your preference).
Bake in preheated oven for about 20 minutes, or until heated through and cheese is bubbly.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil, and coat with olive oil.
Wrap one slice of prosciutto around each asparagus spear, starting at the bottom, and spiraling up to the tip.
Place the wrapped spears on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake for 5 minutes in the preheated oven.
Remove, and shake the pan back and forth to roll the spears over.
Return to the oven for another 5 minutes, or until asparagus is tender, and prosciutto is crisp.
Serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Line baking sheets with parchment paper.
Sift together the flour, 1 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, baking powder and salt, set aside.
In a medium bowl, cream together the 2/3 cup sugar and butter.
Beat in 1 egg, egg yolk and vanilla.
Stir in the dry ingredients.
On a lightly floured surface, divide dough into  two pieces.
Roll each piece into a log about 9 inches long and 1 1/2 inches wide.
Place logs on the prepared baking sheet and flatten slightly.
Brush with the beaten egg.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until golden and firm to the touch.
Cool for 15 minutes.
On a cutting board, slice each log crosswise at a diagonal into 1/2 inch slices, using a serrated knife.
Place back on the baking sheet, cut side down, and sprinkle with a mixture of the remaining cinnamon and sugar.
Return to the oven for an additional 15 to 20 minutes, until toasted.
Cool on wire racks, and store in an airtight container.
To Marinate: Pour salad dressing into a large, resealable plastic bag.
Add chicken breasts, seal bag and shake to coat.
Place in refrigerator for at least 1 hour or overnight (the longer you marinate, the more taste the chicken will absorb).
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Remove chicken from bag, discarding remaining marinade.
Place chicken in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour, or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear.
Note: Turn chicken occasionally while baking.
To Make Sponge: In a small bowl stir together 1/8 teaspoon of the yeast and the warm water and let stand 5 minutes, or until creamy.
In a bowl stir together yeast mixture, 1/3 cup of the water, and 1cup of the bread flour.
Stir 4 minutes, then over bowl with plastic wrap.
Let sponge stand at cool room temperature for at least 12 hours and up to 1 day.
To Make Bread: In a small bowl stir together yeast and milk and let stand 5 minutes, or until creamy.
In bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with dough hook blend together milk mixture, sponge, water, oil, and flour at low speed until flour is just moistened; add salt and mix until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes.
Scrape dough into an oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap.
Let dough rise at room temperature until doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 hours.
(Dough will be sticky and full of air bubbles.)
Turn dough out onto a well-floured work surface and cut in half.
Transfer each half to a parchment sheet and form into an irregular oval about 9 inches long.
Dimple loaves with floured fingers and dust tops with flour.
Cover loaves with a dampened kitchen towel.
Let loaves rise at room temperature until almost doubled in bulk, 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
At least 45 minutes before baking ciabatta, put a baking stone on oven rack in lowest position in oven and preheat oven to 425  F (220 degrees C).
Transfer 1 loaf on its parchment to a rimless baking sheet with a long side of loaf parallel to far edge of baking sheet.
Line up far edge of baking sheet with far edge of stone or tiles, and tilt baking sheet to slide loaf with parchment onto back half of stone or tiles.
Transfer remaining loaf to front half of stone in a similar manner.
Bake ciabatta loaves 20 minutes, or until pale golden.
Cool loaves on a wire rack.
Combine water, olive oil, sugar, salt in pan of bread machine  Add flour, then sprinkle garlic on flour.
Lastly add yeast.
Turn machine on dough cycle.
As the dough mixes, sprinkle on oregano and basil until it suits you for color and taste.
Let mix for about 15 to 30 minutes.
Let the dough rest from 5 to 30 minutes.
The longer it rests, the thicker and more tasty the crust.
Meanwhile, preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface.
Spray a large pizza pan with nonstick cooking spray.
Place dough on pan and add your choice of pizza toppings.
Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, about 12 to 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with a piece of aluminum foil, and spray with nonstick cooking spray.
Place the salmon fillets onto the foil, sprinkle with basil, top with tomato slices, drizzle with olive oil, and sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until the salmon is opaque in the center, and the Parmesan cheese is lightly browned on top, about 20 minutes.
Melt butter and olive oil in a saucepan over medium-low heat.
Add cream, garlic, and white pepper; bring to just under a boil.
Reduce heat and simmer, stirring often, until mixture is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes.
Stir Parmesan cheese into cream mixture and simmer until sauce is thickened and smooth, 8 to 10 minutes.
Add mozzarella cheese to sauce; cook and stir until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook angel hair in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 3 to 5 minutes.
Drain and transfer pasta to serving plates.
Spoon sauce over pasta.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a large baking sheet.
Roll pizza crust dough into an approximately 10x14 inch rectangle on the baking sheet.
Layer with Genoa salami, pepperoni and provolone cheese.
Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese to within 1/2 inch from edges of the dough.
Roll jelly roll style.
Seal the edge with a fork.
Bake in the preheated oven 25 minutes, or until golden brown.
Slice into 1 inch pieces to serve.
In a large skillet combine the crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, garlic, sugar, vinegar, oregano and red pepper flakes.
Stir all together and simmer over low heat for at least 30 minutes (for the best flavor).
Stir frequently to prevent burning.
In a large skillet, heat oil.
Add 1/2 of the garlic.
Season flour with poultry seasoning.
Dredge chicken parts in flour, then brown in the skillet for 4 or 5 minutes.
Add the sausage, and saute for a few minutes.
Add the onion, carrots, mushrooms, rosemary and the remaining garlic.
Stir all together.
Add the wine and tomatoes; stir.
Cover and let simmer over low heat for 25 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper to taste and let simmer for another 10 minutes.
Let cool covered for 10 minutes, then serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease cookie sheets.
In a large bowl, cream together the 1 cup of butter and sugar.
Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in the ricotta cheese and vanilla.
Combine the flour, baking powder and baking soda, stir into the ricotta mixture.
Drop by rounded spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheet.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven.
Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
To make the frosting warm the milk, 1/2 teaspoon of butter and shortening, in a small saucepan.
Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally until solids are melted.
Remove from heat and gradually stir in the confectioners' sugar and lemon extract.
Dip each cookie into the icing then dip in colored sugar or sprinkles.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in large stock pot over medium-high heat.
Add pancetta; cook and stir until it begins to brown, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in onions and celery; cook and stir until onions start to turn translucent, about 3 minutes.
Stir in minced garlic and cook for another minute.
Pour chicken broth, water, and plum tomatoes into the pancetta and onion mixture.
Bring to a simmer.
Stir cranberry beans, cabbage, garbanzo beans, red pepper flakes, Italian seasoning, and 2 teaspoons salt into broth mixture.
Bring to a simmer and cook until cranberry beans are tender, adding more water as needed if the soup becomes too thick, about 45 minutes.
Stir in Swiss chard and simmer until softened, about 15 minutes.
Season with salt and black pepper to taste.
Stir in pasta and increase heat to medium-high and simmer until pasta is tender, about 15 minutes.
Ladle into bowls and top with extra virgin olive oil, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, and Italian parsley.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
Combine all the ingredients together except for the Melt(R); stir well in a bowl.
Form around 30 balls out of the mixture.
Put them on a broiler pan coated with the melted Melt.
Bake around 15 minutes or until a cut meatball shows no pink inside.
Serve with pasta and sauce or place on a sandwich.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place pasta shells in the pot, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat, and cook the onion and garlic until tender.
Mix in the zucchini, and season with oregano, salt and pepper, and red pepper.
Cook 10 minutes, until tender.
Stir the chicken broth into the skillet, and cook 5 minutes, until heated through.
Mix in the chicken, roasted red peppers, and cream cheese, and continue cooking 5 minutes.
Serve over the cooked pasta, and top with fresh basil and Parmesan cheese.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; cook rotini at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat.
Saute chicken, garlic, salt, garlic powder, basil, and oregano in hot oil until chicken is no longer pink in the middle, 5 to 10 minutes.
Add sun-dried tomatoes and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes.
Remove from heat.
Pour pasta into pot and toss with chicken until combined.
Top with Parmesan cheese.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Coat a 10x15 inch lasagna pan with cooking spray.
Place the spinach in a medium bowl.
Microwave, uncovered, on high for 4 minutes.
Mix in ricotta.
Beat the egg with a wire whisk, and add it to the spinach and ricotta.
Stir well to blend.
Combine pasta sauce with milk in a medium bowl.
Mix well.
Spread about 1/2 cup pasta sauce mixture evenly in the bottom of the dish.
Place 3 uncooked noodles over the sauce.
Spread half of the spinach mixture over the noodles.
Sprinkle with half of the carrots and half of the mushrooms.
Place 3 more noodles over the vegetable mixture.
Pour 1 1/2 cups sauce over the noodles.
Spread the remaining spinach mixture over the sauce, followed by layers of the remaining carrots and mushrooms.
Place 3 more noodles over the vegetables.
Pour remaining sauce evenly on top.
Sprinkle with the mozzarella cheese.
Spray a sheet of aluminum foil with cooking spray.
Cover the dish tightly with aluminum foil, spray side down.
Bake for 50 to 60 minutes.
Remove from oven, uncover, and spoon some sauce over the exposed top noodles.
Turn the oven off, and place the uncovered dish back into the warm oven for 15 more minutes.
Serve at once, or let rest until ready to serve.
Thoroughly sift together all-purpose flour, semolina flour, and pinch of salt.
On a clean surface, make a mountain out of flour mixture then make a deep well in center.
Break the eggs into the well and add olive oil.
Whisk eggs very gently with a fork, gradually incorporating flour from the sides of the well.
When mixture becomes too thick to mix with a fork, begin kneading with your hands.
Knead dough for 8 to 12 minutes, until it is smooth and supple.
Dust dough and work surface with semolina as needed to keep dough from becoming sticky.
Wrap dough tightly in plastic and allow it to rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.
Roll out dough with a pasta machine or a rolling pin to desired thickness.
Cut into your favorite style of noodle or stuff with your favorite filling to make ravioli.
Bring water to a boil in a large pot, then add 4 teaspoons salt.
Cook pasta until tender but not mushy, 1 to 8 minutes depending on thickness.
Drain immediately and toss with your favorite sauce.
In a small saucepan melt butter, add garlic and saute until cooked.
Add dried oregano and dried basil and stir until heated through.
Serve warm.
Mix together the meat, egg, bread crumbs, cheese, basil, parsley, and green onions; shape into 3/4 inch balls.
Pour broth into a large saucepan over high heat.
When boiling, drop in meatballs.
Stir in escarole, lemon zest and orzo.
Return to a boil; reduce heat to medium.
Cook at a slow boil for 10 minutes or until orzo is tender, stirring frequently.
Serve sprinkled with cheese.
Slice goat cheese into one inch pieces and place in a single layer on a large platter.
Sprinkle olive oil, sun-dried tomatoes, black olives, basil and rosemary over the cheese.
Using toothpicks, insert the garlic cloves into the cheese throughout the mixture.
Allow the mixture to marinate 6 hours, or overnight, in the refrigerator.
Remove the toothpicks, and serve with sliced French bread.
Place sausage and ground beef into a large saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir until meat is browned and crumbly, about 10 minutes.
Break the meat apart as it cooks.
Stir in mushrooms, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, Italian herb seasoning, and red pepper flakes.
Turn heat to medium-high and cook until mushrooms have given off their juices and bottom of pan is almost dry.
Pour prepared marinara sauce into meat mixture.
Pour water into marinara sauce jar and shake to get all the sauce out of the jar; add to mixture.
Reduce heat to low and simmer until meat is extremely tender, about 2 hours.
Add a little more water if sauce becomes too thick.
Skim excess fat from surface of the sauce and season with more salt and black pepper, if needed.
Turn off heat.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Beat eggs in a large bowl and stir in ricotta cheese, 8 ounces diced mozzarella cheese, and 2/3 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.
Season cheese mixture with 1 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon  black pepper, and cayenne pepper; mix in parsley.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Cook lasagna in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 8 minutes.
Drain and rinse noodles and set aside in a bowl of cold water.
Spread 1/4 the sauce into the bottom of a 10x15-inch baking pan.
Top with 1/3 the noodles and spread 1/2 the ricotta cheese mixture over noodles.
Spread 1/4 the meat sauce over the cheese, top with 1/3 the noodles, and spread remaining 1/2 the ricotta mixture over the noodles.
Spread 1/4 the meat sauce over the cheese filling.
Tap the casserole dish lightly on a sturdy work surface to settle the layers.
Arrange last 1/3 the noodles over sauce and spread remaining 1/4 the sauce over the noodles.
Dot top of the casserole with 4 ounces diced fresh mozzarella cheese and sprinkle with 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.
Cover casserole with aluminum foil, being sure not to touch the top of the casserole with the foil.
Place casserole onto a baking sheet to catch spills.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Remove foil and cook until lasagna is golden brown and bubbling, 30 to 35 more minutes.
Let set for 20 minutes before cutting into squares.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place pumpkin on a baking sheet and roast in oven until browned and tender, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, grill eggplant on a charcoal grill or fry in a skillet, turning once, until charred and tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
Halve tomatoes and place on baking sheet in oven for last 15 minutes of pumpkin time; cook until tender and wrinkly.
In a medium bowl, stir together ricotta, feta, pesto, eggs, salt and pepper until well mixed.
Fold roasted pumpkin into ricotta mixture.
Spoon half of the tomato sauce into a 9x13 baking dish.
Lay two pasta sheets over the sauce.
Arrange a single layer of eggplant slices over pasta and top with half the ricotta mixture.
Cover with two more pasta sheets.
Arrange the roasted tomatoes evenly over the sheets and spoon the remaining half the ricotta mixture over the tomatoes.
Sprinkle with half the mozzarella.
Top with remaining two sheets of pasta.
Pour remaining tomato sauce over all and sprinkle with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan.
Bake in preheated oven 30 to 40 minutes, until golden and bubbly.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Bring a saucepan of water to a boil.
Plunge tomatoes into the boiling water and immediately remove to a medium bowl of ice water; drain.
Remove and discard skins from tomatoes.
Chop tomatoes and set aside.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; saute onion until tender, about 5 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes, garlic and Italian seasoning; cook until tomatoes are tender, 5 to 7 minutes.
Mix in olives, wine, capers, lemon juice, and 1/2 the basil.
Reduce heat, blend in Parmesan cheese, and cook until the mixture is reduced to a thick sauce, about 15 minutes.
Place flounder in a shallow baking dish.
Pour sauce over the fillets and top with remaining basil leaves.
Bake 12 minutes in the preheated oven, until fish is easily flaked with a fork.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the lasagna noodles and olive oil; cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes; drain.
Cook the ground beef and sausage in a large pot over medium heat; drain.
Stir in the mushrooms, garlic salt, oregano, thyme, basil, and tomato sauce.
Season with salt and pepper; simmer 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, mix together the ricotta cheese, eggs, and Parmesan cheese in a bowl.
Ladle enough of the meat sauce into a 9x13 inch baking dish to cover the bottom in a thin layer.
Form a layer atop the sauce with 3 of the lasagna noodles.
Spread about 1/4 of the ricotta cheese mixture over the noodles.
Sprinkle about 1/3 of the mozzarella cheese over the ricotta cheese mixture and then ladle about 1/3 of the meat sauce over the mozzarella cheese.
Repeat layering twice more, topping with the remaining 1/4 pound of mozzarella cheese.
Bake in preheated oven 90 minutes.
Allow to sit 10 to 15 minutes before serving.
Tear the ham, salami and American cheese into small pieces.
Place in a large bowl.
In a medium bowl, blend the mayonnaise and oregano.
Mix the mayonnaise mixture into the ham mixture 1/2 cup at a time, until meats and cheese are well coated.
Mix in the onion.
Before serving, mix in the lettuce and tomatoes.
Serve with the hoagie roll pieces for dipping.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring it to a rolling boil.
While the water is heating, melt the butter over medium heat in a large saucepan.
Add the onions, mushrooms, and garlic; cook and stir until tender, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the sun-dried tomatoes, olives, artichoke hearts, wine, and lemon juice.
Bring to a boil; reduce the heat and simmer until liquid is reduced by a third, about 4 minutes.
Cook the fresh pasta in boiling water until done, about 2 minutes.
Drain.
Toss pasta with sauce.
Top with fresh tomatoes and cheese, add pepper to taste, and serve.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Grease three 9 inch, round cake pans.
Combine soda and buttermilk, and let stand a few minutes.
In a large bowl, cream sugar, 1/2 cup butter, 1/2 cup oil and shortening.
Add egg yolks one at a time, beating well after each addition.
Mix buttermilk mixture alternately with flour into creamed mixture.
Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla.
In a large glass or metal mixing bowl, beat egg whites until stiff peaks form.
Fold 1/3 of the whites into the batter, then quickly fold in remaining whites until no streaks remain.
Gently stir in 1 cup pecans and coconut.
Pour batter into prepared pans.
Bake in the preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Allow to cool.
To make the Cream Cheese Frosting:   Beat together cream cheese, 1/2 cup butter or margarine, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and confectioners' sugar.
Stir in 1 cup chopped pecans.
Frost and fill cooled cake with cream cheese frosting.
Combine vegetable broth, tomatoes, kidney beans, onion, celery, carrots, green beans, zucchini, garlic, parsley, oregano, salt, thyme, and black pepper in a 6-quart slow cooker.
Cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook elbow macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 8 minutes; drain.
Stir spinach and macaroni into minestrone; cook another 15 minutes.
Top with Parmesan cheese.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the carrots, onion, and garlic until tender, about 10 minutes.
Place the ground beef into the skillet and cook and stir, breaking up the meat as it cooks, until browned.
Drain off excess fat from the skillet, and pour in 1 cup milk.
Bring to a simmer, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the milk is absorbed, about 15 minutes.
Place the beef mixture into a slow cooker, and set the cooker to  High.
Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, salt, pepper, basil, oregano, and red pepper flakes, and cook for 2 hours.
Mix in 1/2 cup milk and Parmesan cheese, stir well, and cook for 2 more hours.
Heat olive oil with butter in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the garlic.
Place fish fillets in the skillet; sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper, and cook for 90 seconds.
Turn the fish; season with salt and pepper, and cook an additional 90 seconds.
Add the mushrooms, capers, and wine.
Cover, reduce heat, and simmer until the fish flakes easily with a fork and the wine is reduced by half, 6 to 7 minutes.
Remove the cover, pour in lemon juice, and cook for one minute.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a medium baking dish.
In a skillet over medium heat, cook the ground beef until evenly brown.
Drain juices.
Mix the onion, green bell pepper, carrots, garlic, and tomato sauce into the skillet.
Season with oregano, basil, salt, and pepper.
Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 10 minutes, until vegetables are tender.
In the bottom of the prepared baking dish, layer 1/2 the zucchini strips.
In a bowl, beat together the cottage cheese and egg, and spread over the zucchini.
Scoop 1/2 the beef mixture over the cottage cheese and egg mixture, and sprinkle with 1/2 the mozzarella cheese.
Layer with remaining zucchini, beef mixture, and mozzarella.
Top with Parmesan cheese.
Bake 45 minutes in the preheated oven.
Allow to sit 10 minutes before slicing to serve.
Heat olive oil and butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat.
Stir in the onion, and cook until it has caramelized to a dark, golden brown, about 15 minutes.
Stir in the balsamic vinegar, and cook for 1 minute before stirring in the chicken bouillon and cream.
Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and stir in the Parmesan cheese until melted.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Coat a shallow baking dish with cooking spray.
Place tomato slices close together in prepared baking dish.
Sprinkle with cheese, bread crumbs, garlic, parsley, salt, pepper, and oregano.
Drizzle with olive oil.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until cheese is lightly toasted.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add linguine and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Place bacon in a large, deep skillet.
Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown.
Drain, crumble and set aside.
Season chicken with salt.
Stir chicken with bacon in a large skillet or saucepan.
Add tomatoes and rosemary, and simmer 20 minutes.
Stir in  feta cheese, olives and artichoke hearts and cook until heated through.
Toss with fresh cooked pasta and serve warm.
Garnished with extra feta if desired.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease one 13x9 inch baking dish.
In a medium saucepan, combine spaghetti sauce mix, tomato sauce, tomato paste and water.
Bring to a boil over medium heat then remove from heat and let cool.
In a medium bowl, beat the eggs and combine them with the ricotta or cottage cheese, salt, spinach and 1/4 cup of the Parmesan cheese.
Spread one half cup tomato sauce mixture into the prepared baking dish.
Place half the uncooked noodles over the sauce, spread with half the spinach mixture, half the mozzarella cheese, and half of the tomato sauce.
Repeat layers, using remaining ingredients.
Top with remaining Parmesan cheese.
Cover dish securely with aluminum foil and bake for in the preheated oven 1 hour.
Let stand 10 minutes before cutting and serving.
In a large skillet over medium heat, warm oil and add chicken; cook until slightly brown.
Add onion and garlic to cook for about 5 minutes or until garlic is golden and onions are translucent.
Add tomatoes, broccoli, salt, pepper and oregano; stir well and bring to a boil.
Cover and turn down heat to simmer for about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until tender; drain and add back into pot.
Pour chicken sauce into pot and mix well.
Add basil and toss well; top with Parmesan cheese.
Serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add rotini pasta, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente.
Drain, and rinse with cold water.
In a large bowl, mix the cooled pasta, pepperoni, provolone cheese, red onion, cucumber, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, olives, parsley, and Parmesan cheese.
In a jar with a lid, mix the olive oil, vinegar, garlic, basil, oregano, ground mustard, salt, and pepper.
Seal jar, and shake well.
Pour the dressing mixture over the pasta salad, and toss to coat.
Cover, and chill 8 hours in the refrigerator
Brown the ground beef and Italian sausage in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Drain excess grease.
Stir in the water and black olives, and season with basil, garlic powder, oregano, sage, pepper, minced garlic, and onion flakes.
Simmer for about 15 minutes, stirring frequently.
Stir in the marinara sauce, and remove from the heat.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place a layer of the meat and sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Cover with a layer of dry noodles.
Spread a thin layer of ricotta cheese over the noodles, and sprinkle with a little mozzarella cheese.
Cover with another layer of sauce, and repeat layering ending with the meat and sauce on top.
Reserve about 1/2 cup of mozzarella cheese for later.
Bake for 45 minutes in the preheated oven, but check after 30 minutes depending on how thick the lasagna is.
Lasagna is cooked when you can easily stick a knife into it.
Sprinkle the reserved cheese over the top, and return to the oven for about 10 minutes for a nice melted cheese topping.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add shells and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and rinse in cold water.
Place sausage in a large, deep skillet.
Cook over medium-high heat until evenly brown.
Drain and crumble.
In a large bowl, combine cooked sausage, spinach, ricotta cheese, egg, garlic, lemon juice and Parmesan cheese.
Season with salt, pepper and oregano.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Stuff pasta shells with the sausage and cheese mixture and place in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Top with spaghetti sauce and mozzarella cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes or until the pasta is heated through and the cheese is melted.
Place into a bowl the green and red peppers, jalapenos, celery, carrots, onion, and cauliflower.
Stir in salt, and fill with enough cold water to cover.
Place plastic wrap or aluminum foil over the bowl, and refrigerate overnight.
The next day, drain salty water, and rinse vegetables.
In a bowl, mix together garlic, oregano, red pepper flakes, black pepper, and olives.
Pour in vinegar and olive oil, and mix well.
Combine with vegetable mixture, cover, and refrigerate for 2 days before using.
In a medium bowl, mix together ricotta cheese and eggs until blended.
Stir in spinach, mozzarella cheese, 1/4 cup of the Parmesan cheese, sugar, salt and pepper.
Stuff mixture into uncooked pasta shells.
Spread 1/2 cup spaghetti sauce in the bottom of a medium baking dish.
Arrange stuffed pasta shells in a single layer over the sauce.
Pour the remainder of the sauce over the shells, cover dish, and chill in the refrigerator for 8 hours, or overnight.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Bake covered for 40 minutes.
Sprinkle with remaining Parmesan cheese, and bake for another 15 minutes.
In a large skillet over medium heat, brown the Italian sausage until the inside is no longer pink.
Cut sausage into 1/4 inch slices, and continue cooking until browned.
Stir in the zucchini, yellow squash, and onion; cook and stir for 2 minutes.
Pour in the tomatoes, with liquid.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes.
Dip the eggplant slices in egg, then coat with bread crumbs.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Fry the eggplant on each side until golden brown.
Remove to a paper towel lined plate to drain.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spread a thin layer of ricotta cheese onto each slice of eggplant.
Place a slice of prosciutto onto each one.
Roll up tightly, and place seam side down in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Pour spaghetti sauce over the rolls, and top with shredded mozzarella cheese.
Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until the cheese is melted and lightly browned.
While the eggplant rolls are baking, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the angel hair pasta, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until tender.
Drain.
Serve eggplant rolls and sauce over pasta.
Heat 1 tablespoon butter and olive oil together in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir zucchini noodles (zoodles), onion, chopped garlic, and 1/2 teaspoon salt until zoodles are tender and onion is translucent, about 5 minutes.
Transfer zoodle mixture to a bowl.
Heat 2 tablespoons butter in the same skillet; cook and stir shrimp and minced garlic until shrimp are just pink, 3 to 4 minutes.
Add spinach, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper; cook and stir until spinach begins to wilt, 3 to 4 minutes.
Add zoodle mixture; cook and stir until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes.
Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over medium heat; cook and stir the onion until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the carrot and garlic, and cook for 5 minutes more.
Pour in the chicken broth, water, and white wine; stir in the potatoes, rosemary, sage, and thyme.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.
Add the cannelini beans, kale, chile pepper, and black pepper, and simmer, covered, for 30 more minutes.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Season the pork chops with salt and pepper, and quickly sear on both sides.
Remove from heat, and set aside.
Heat the remaining olive oil in the skillet over medium-high heat, and saute the garlic about 30 seconds.
Mix in the tomato, chicken broth, wine, parsley, and red pepper flakes.
Cook and stir until thickened, about 2 minutes.
Return the pork chops to the skillet, and continue cooking 5 to 10 minutes, to an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Serve pork with the tomato and broth mixture from the skillet.
In a skillet over medium heat, cook sausage with celery and onion until sausage is evenly browned, about 5 to 10 minutes.
Drain excess grease, and set aside.
In another skillet over medium-low heat, combine tomatoes, tomato sauce, garlic powder, salt, and oregano.
Simmer while preparing pasta.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a 3 quart baking dish, layer ziti, mushrooms, sausage, mozzarella cheese, and sauce.
Repeat layers, and top with grated Parmesan.
Bake for 45 minutes in the preheated oven, or until browned and bubbly.
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta until al dente, rinse under cold water and drain.
Whisk together the salad spice mix and Italian dressing.
In a salad bowl, combine the pasta, cherry tomatoes, bell peppers and olives.
Pour dressing over salad; toss and refrigerate overnight.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place shell pasta in the pot, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease a medium baking dish.
Place the beef in a skillet over medium heat, and mix in eggs, oil, garlic, garlic salt, and parsley.
Cook until beef is evenly brown.
Transfer to a large bowl, and mix with cream cheese and 1 cup pasta sauce.
Stuff the cooked pasta shells with the beef mixture, and arrange in the prepared baking dish.
Cover evenly with the remaining sauce.
Bake 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until bubbly.
Sprinkle with Romano cheese just before serving.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place farfalle pasta in the pot, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook the garlic until lightly browned.
Mix in red pepper and lemon juice.
Stir in the pine nuts, olives, and sun-dried tomatoes.
Toss in the cooked pasta and feta cheese.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium-high heat.
Cook the sausage until evenly browned, and break into pieces.
Stir in the onions, carrots, celery, garlic, basil, rosemary, red pepper, and sage.
Continue cooking 10 minutes, until vegetables are tender.
Mix in tomatoes, and cook until heated through.
Stir in the broth and beans.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes.
Stir pasta into soup, and continue cooking 10 minutes, or until pasta is al dente.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente.
Drain and cool.
Reserve.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet brown beef on medium heat.
Drain and cool.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Combine beef, cottage cheese, 1 cup mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, egg whites and oregano.
Mix well.
Stuff shells with mixture.
Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Pour enough spaghetti sauce in dish to cover the bottom.
Place stuffed noodles in the dish.
Cover with spaghetti sauce and top with the remaining 1 cup mozzarella cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 50 minutes.
Cook the kale in a large, covered saucepan over medium-high heat until the leaves wilt.
Once the volume of the kale is reduced by half, uncover and stir in the garlic, olive oil and vinegar.
Cook while stirring for 2 more minutes.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
Place eggplant slices in a colander; sprinkle both sides of each slice with salt.
Allow to sit for at least 3 hours.
Wipe excess moisture from eggplant slices with paper towels.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a baking sheet.
Mix bread crumbs and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese together in a bowl.
Dip eggplant slices in beaten egg; coat with bread crumb mixture.
Arrange coated eggplant slices in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned and crisp, about 5 minutes per side.
Cover the bottom of a 9x13-inch casserole dish with a layer of spaghetti sauce; top with a layer of eggplant slices.
Sprinkle with about 1 tablespoon of the remaining Parmesan cheese and 1/3 the mozzarella cheese.
Repeat layers with remaining ingredients, ending with a cheese layer.
Sprinkle with basil.
Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is bubbling and golden brown, about 35 minutes.
Lightly oil a baking pan large enough to accommodate the fish.
Place salmon in pan skin side down.
Run finger over flesh to make sure all bones have been removed.
Use pliers to pull out any that remain.
Squeeze juice of one lemon and white wine over fish.
Marinate 15 minutes.
Preheat broiler.
Coat the top side of the fish with thick layer of pesto.
It should be between an 1/8th to a 1/4 of an inch thick, and cover the surface of the fish.
Place fish under the broiler about nine inches from heat source.
Broil for 8 to 10 minutes per inch of thickness, or until fish flakes and flesh is opaque.
Pesto should have formed a heavily browned crust.
Remove from the oven, and set aside for a few minutes.
Squeeze half of second lemon over fish.
Slice remaining lemon half into thin slices.
Place lemon slices on individual servings, or arrange on the whole flank if serving at the table.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Mix feta cheese, basil pesto, and pine nuts in a bowl.
Use the tip of a sharp boning or paring knife to cut a 3-inch slit in the side of each pork chop, 2 inches deep and 1/4-inch away from the bone, to make a pocket for stuffing.
Stuff pork chops with pesto filling and secure with toothpicks.
Mix black pepper, oregano, garlic, red pepper flakes, and thyme in a small bowl; rub both sides of each chop with the spice mix.
Place chops into a shallow baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until chops are browned and stuffing is hot, about 40 minutes.
An instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the center of the stuffing should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Brush chops with balsamic vinegar and bake until vinegar forms a glaze, another 5 minutes.
Thread a tomato half, a small piece of basil leaf, and a mozzarella ball onto toothpicks until all ingredients are used.
Drizzle the olive oil over the tomato, cheese and basil, leaving the end of the toothpick clean.
Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Serve immediately.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water, and bring to a rolling boil over high heat.
Stir in the shell pasta, and return to a boil.
Cook, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 13 minutes.
Drain well.
While the pasta is cooking, heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook onion, orange pepper, and garlic in oil until tender, about 5 minutes.
Stir the crumbled Italian sausage into the vegetables in the skillet; cook and stir until meat is browned and cooked through, about 8 minutes.
Stir in the undrained tomatoes and the heavy cream.
Turn the heat to medium-low, and allow the sauce to cook until thick, about 5 additional minutes.
Mix pasta with the sausage cream sauce, stir in the Parmesan cheese, and serve.
Garnish with chopped fresh parsley.
Cook pasta in a pot of boiling salted water until al dente.
Drain.
In large bowl, stir together oil, vinegar, garlic, basil, and salt and pepper.
Toss with warm macaroni  to coat well.
Toss with Parmesan.
Cover, and refrigerate 2 to 3 hours.
Add broccoli, pepperoni, and tomatoes; toss well.
Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese, and serve.
Place the chicken and 1 cup salad dressing in a bowl.
Cover, and marinate at least 3 hours in the refrigerator.
Preheat the grill for high heat.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Discard dressing used for marinating, and grill chicken 7 minutes per side, or until juices run clear.
Cool and shred.
In a large bowl, mix the cooked chicken, spinach, feta cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, and remaining dressing.
Brush the focaccia bread with olive oil, and cook 1 minute per side on the prepared grill, or until lightly toasted.
Place portions of the chicken mixture on the toasted focaccia to serve.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13-inch casserole dish.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add lasagna noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat oil in a large cast iron skillet over medium heat.
When oil is hot add broccoli, carrots, onions, bell peppers, zucchini and garlic.
Saute for 7 minutes; set aside.
Place flour in a medium saucepan and gradually whisk in milk until well blended.
Bring to a boil over medium heat.
Cook 5 minutes, or until thick, stirring constantly.
Stir in 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper; cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly.
Remove from heat; stir in spinach.
Reserve 1/2 cup spinach mixture.
In a small bowl, combine cottage and ricotta cheeses; stir well.
Spread about 1/2 cup of spinach mixture in the bottom of the prepared pan.
Layer noodles, ricotta mixture, vegetables, spinach mixture, and 2 cups mozzarella cheese, ending with noodles.
Top with reserved spinach mixture, 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese and 1/4 cup parmesan cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 35 minutes, or until lightly browned on top.
Cool for approximately 10 minutes before serving.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Mix in garlic.
Cook and stir until golden.
Remove from heat and allow to cool.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place linguine in pot and cook 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente.
Drain and transfer to a large bowl.
Set aside 1 tablespoon garlic oil and toss remainder with pasta to coat.
Season pasta with salt.
Bring a pot of water to a boil.
Immerse broccoli, cabbage, carrots, cauliflower and green onions in water for about 30 seconds.
Drain and set aside.
Heat reserved garlic oil in skillet over medium heat.
Mix in chicken and 2 tablespoons soy sauce.
Cook until chicken juices run clear.
Mix in vegetables and remaining soy sauce.
Season with salt and pepper.
Toss with linguine, and garnish with cilantro and lime to serve.
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta until al dente, rinse under cold water, and drain.
In a medium bowl, combine mayonnaise, sour cream, milk and Italian dressing mix.
Whisk together until smooth, set aside.
In a large salad bowl combine cooked and cooled pasta, peas, olives, salami, green onions, celery and parsley.
Mix in dressing last, reserving 1/2 cup.
Let sit overnight in fridge.
Stir before serving.
Add extra dressing if pasta appears dry.
Dust the veal shanks lightly with flour.
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium to medium-high heat.
Add the veal, and cook until browned on the outside.
Remove to a bowl, and keep warm.
Add two cloves of crushed garlic and onion to the skillet; cook and stir until onion is tender.
Return the veal to the pan and mix in the carrot and wine.
Simmer for 10 minutes.
Pour in the tomatoes and beef stock, and season with salt and pepper.
Cover, and simmer over low heat for 1 1/2 hours, basting the veal every 15 minutes or so.
The meat should be tender, but not falling off the bone.
In a small bowl, mix together the parsley, 1 clove of garlic and lemon zest.
Sprinkle the gremolata over the veal just before serving.
Cook guanciale with olive oil and 1 teaspoon ground black pepper in a Dutch oven over medium-low heat until almost crisp, about 5 minutes.
Reduce heat to low.
Whisk eggs, 3 tablespoons Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, 3 tablespoons Pecorino Romano cheese, and 1 teaspoon ground black pepper in a bowl.
Set aside.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes.
Drain, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water.
Pour reserved pasta water and drained spaghetti into the bacon-pepper mixture; stir to combine.
Slowly pour egg mixture into the pasta mixture; cook, stirring constantly until the egg mixture forms a thick sauce, 1 to 2 minutes.
Remove from heat.
Stir remaining 3 tablespoons Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and 3 tablespoons Pecorino Romano cheese into the pasta mixture and serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease and flour three 8 inch round cake pans.
Beat egg whites until they form stiff peaks.
In a large bowl, cream 1/2 cup margarine and shortening till light.
Add white sugar, and beat till fluffy.
Beat in egg yolks.
Stir together flour and baking soda, and add alternately with buttermilk into the creamed mixture; mix well after each addition.
Stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla, coconut, and 1 cup pecans.
Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites.
Spoon into prepared pans.
Bake for 25 to 40 minutes.
Cool in pans for 10 minutes.
Remove to wire rack to cool completely.
Combine cream cheese, 1/2 cup margarine, confectioners' sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla in mixer bowl.
Beat till smooth.
Add coconut if desired.
Frost the cooled cake.
The remaining 1/2 cup pecans can be stirred into frosting or sprinkled onto the cake after it is frosted.
In a medium bowl combine the garlic, prunes, olives, capers, olive oil, vinegar, bay leaves, oregano, salt and pepper.
Mix well.
Spread mixture in the bottom of a 10x15 inch baking dish.
Add the chicken pieces, stir and turn to coat.
Cover and refrigerate overnight.
When ready to prepare, preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Remove dish from refrigerator.
Sprinkle brown sugar on top and pour white wine all around chicken.
Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour, spooning juices over chicken several times as it is baking.
Serve on a platter, pouring juices over the top, and garnish with fresh parsley.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F ( 165 degrees C ).
In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar together.
Add eggs one at a time; beat until fluffy.
Stir in the anise and vanilla extracts.
Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt; Add them to the egg mixture along with the chopped almonds.
Stir with a spoon and as the dough comes together, Knead by hand.
Divide the dough into 4 parts.
Roll each piece into a log about 15 inches long.
Place logs onto cookie sheets, 2 to a sheet, the long way.
Flatten the logs out until they are about 3 inches wide with a slight hump going down the middle.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, loaves should be firm.
Cut the loaves into diagonal slices 1/2 inch wide, place the slices onto the cookie sheets and return to the oven.
Toast on one side, then turn them over to do the other side.
This will take about 7 to 10 minutes.
Rub a peeled clove of garlic around a wooden salad bowl.
Pull apart or chop the bread into bite-size pieces.
In the prepared salad bowl, combine the bread, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, garlic, basil and thyme.
Add enough olive oil and vinegar to lightly coat, toss and serve.
Place the garlic cloves into a blender or food processor; pulse to mince.
Add the olives, capers, parsley, lemon juice, and olive oil  Blend until everything is finely chopped.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Place beef chuck roast into a slow cooker and scatter onion quarters around the meat.
Pour the beef broth over the meat and sprinkle the au jus mix, Italian salad dressing mix, salt, and black pepper over the roast.
Cover cooker, set on Low, and cook until meat is very tender, 6 to 8 hours.
Cook tortellini according to package directions.
Heat butter in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onion; cook until soft and translucent.
Mix in cream cheese, parmesan, milk, mushrooms, and spinach.
Gently mix in tortellini and cherry tomatoes with skillet contents; warm through, and serve.
Place the flank steak on a cutting board with the short end closest to you.
Starting from one of the long sides, cut through the meat horizontally to within 1/2 inch of the opposite edge.
(You can also ask your butcher to butterfly the flank steak for you instead of cutting it yourself.)
Mix the soy sauce, olive oil, and steak seasoning together in a gallon-sized resealable plastic bag.
Marinate flank steak in the refrigerator 4 hours to overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a glass baking dish.
Lay out the flank steak flat in front of you with the grain of the meat running from left to right.
Layer the provolone across the steak, leaving a 1-inch border.
Arrange the bacon, spinach, red pepper, and mushrooms across the cheese covered steak in stripes running in the same direction as the grain of the meat.
Roll the flank steak up and away from you, so that when the roll is cut into the pinwheel shape, each of the filling ingredients can be seen.
Roll firmly, but be careful not to squeeze the fillings out the ends.
Once rolled, tie every 2 inches with kitchen twine.
Place in prepared baking dish, and bake in preheated oven for one hour, or until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F (65 degrees C).
Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before cutting into 1 inch slices.
Be sure to remove the twine before serving!
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Add the pasta, and return water to a boil.
Cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain well.
In an electric food processor or blender, blend cilantro, garlic, vinegar, Parmesan cheese, cayenne pepper, nuts, and salt.
Add 1/4 cup of the olive oil, and blend the pesto.
Add more olive oil until the pesto reaches your desired consistency.
Pour pesto in a small saucepan and warm over low heat, stirring constantly, until pesto begins to simmer.
Pour over cooked pasta and toss.
Cook lasagna noodles in a large pot of lightly salted, boiling water for 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Rinse with cool water, drain, and set aside.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Cook the chopped onions, mushrooms, garlic, and zucchini in the oil until soft.
Stir in both cans of crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, oregano, brown sugar, and salt to taste.
Reduce heat to low, and simmer for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, microwave frozen spinach until cooked.
Cool, and then squeeze out excess water.
Drain cottage cheese.
Using a mixer, blend spinach, cottage cheese, eggs, and 2 tablespoons basil until smooth.
In a separate bowl, combine shredded  mozzarella cheese and grated Parmesan cheese.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Spread 1 cup sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Layer 1/3 of the noodles, 1/3 cottage cheese/spinach mixture, 1/3 of remaining sauce, and 1/3 cheese mixture.
Repeat layers with remaining ingredients.
Sprinkle top with remaining 1 tablespoon of dried basil.
Bake in preheated oven for 60 minutes.
Let stand for 10 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Arrange flounder in a medium baking dish.
Dot with butter, season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with lemon juice.
Top with tomato, basil, and garlic powder.
Cover, and bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until fish is easily flaked with a fork.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, mix together the ground beef, bread crumbs, onion, salt and pepper, garlic powder, and half of the mozzarella cheese.
Form the mixture into a log, and place it into an 8x8 inch baking dish.
Bake for 50 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the center is no longer pink.
Let stand for 5 minutes, then slice into 1/2 inch slices.
Place a few slices onto each hoagie roll, cover with marinara sauce, and sprinkle remaining mozzarella cheese over.
Wrap each sandwich with aluminum foil, and return to the oven for 15 minutes, until bread is lightly toasted and cheese is melted.
Let stand 15 minutes before eating.
Each sandwich serves 2.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Spread pesto on pizza crust.
Top with tomatoes, bell peppers, olives, red onions, artichoke hearts and feta cheese.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted and browned.
Add ingredients in the order suggested by your manufacturer.
Set bread-maker for dough setting and start machine.
When the unit signals, remove dough.
Pat dough into 12x15-inch jelly roll pan or greased 12-inch round pizza pan.
Let stand 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).
Spread pizza sauce over dough.
Sprinkle toppings over sauce.
Bake 15-20 minutes, or until crust is golden brown.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook beef in batches in hot oil until browned completely, about 5 minutes per batch.
Remove browned beef cubes to a plate lined with paper towels, keeping skillet over heat and retaining the beef drippings.
Cook and stir onion, celery, and carrots in the retained beef drippings until just softened, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir mushrooms and garlic into the onion mixture.
Pour red wine into the pan; bring to a boil while scraping the browned bits of food off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon.
Continue cooking the mixture until the wine evaporates, 7 to 10 minutes.
Stir tomatoes into the mixture.
Return beef to skillet with potatoes, basil, thyme, marjoram, and sage.
Pour beef stock and tomato sauce over the mixture.
Bring the liquid to a simmer.
Reduce heat to low and simmer until the beef is very tender and the sauce is thick, 4 to 6 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of salted water to boil, gently place pasta shells in boiling water; bring water back to boil.
Cook until noodles are just tender; drain well.
Squeeze spinach dry.
Combine spinach, ricotta, 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese, fennel, basil and garlic in a large mixing bowl.
Season with salt and pepper; mix well.
Spread 1/2 cup marinara sauce evenly over the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Fill each pasta shell with the spinach cheese mixture.
Arrange the shells, filling side up in the baking dish.
Spoon remaining marinara sauce over the shells.
Sprinkle remaining Parmesan cheese on top of the shells.
Cover the pan loosely with aluminum foil and bake in preheated oven until heated through; about 30 minutes.
Place chicken and flour in a large resealable plastic bag; seal bag and shake to coat.
Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Shake excess flour off chicken; cook and stir in hot oil for 4 to 5 minutes each side, or until golden brown and cooked through (juices run clear).
Remove from skillet and place in a medium bowl; set aside.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add spaghetti and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain, reserving 2/3 cup cooking water, and return pasta to pot.
Set aside pasta and cooking water.
Wipe skillet with paper towel.
Heat 1 teaspoon oil in skillet over medium heat.
Add green bell pepper, red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, onion, and garlic and cook and stir for 3 minutes.
Cover, reduce heat to low and cook 3 minutes more or until vegetables are tender.
Stir in Alfredo sauce, cover and heat for 1 to 2 minutes.
Remove from heat and add to reserved pasta in pot, then add reserved cooking water and chicken.
Toss to mix, pour into serving bowls and sprinkle with fresh chopped parsley.
Preheat oil in a heavy, deep frying pan or pot.
Oil should be heated to 365 degrees F (180 degrees C).
In a medium size mixing bowl mix together flour, salt, oregano and black pepper.
Dredge squid through flour and spice mixture.
Place squid in oil for 2 to 3 minutes or until light brown.
Beware of overcooking, squid will be tough if overcooked.
Dry squid on paper towels.
Serve with wedges of lemon.
Soak sun dried tomatoes in chicken broth.
Cook chicken in oil with garlic in a large skillet over medium heat until done.
Stir cornstarch into a couple of tablespoons of chicken broth.
Stir remaining chicken broth, sun dried tomatoes, pesto, pine nuts, and basil into the skillet with the chicken.
Mix cornstarch mixture into the sauce, and cook until thickened.
Add feta a few minutes before serving.
Meanwhile, cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente.
Drain.
Serve sauce over pasta, and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake the pastry shell for 8 to 10 minutes or until browned.
Slice onion and place in the bottom of pastry shell.
Slice tomatoes and arrange over onions.
Add black pepper to taste.
In a medium bowl, combine mozzarella, parmesan and mayonnaise.
Spread this mixture evenly  over tomatoes.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20-25 minutes or until golden brown.
Once cooked, garnish with fresh herbs.
Heat the oil in a pot over medium heat.
Stir in orzo, and cook 2 minutes, until golden.
Stir in garlic, zucchini, and carrot, and cook 2 minutes.
Pour in the broth and mix in lemon zest.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes, or until liquid has been absorbed and orzo is tender.
Season with thyme and top with Parmesan to serve.
Hold a sharp knife at a 45-degree angle and cut the florets from the broccoli stems into a bowl.
Chop remaining stems into small pieces and transfer stems to a separate bowl.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil with butter in a skillet over medium heat and cook garlic in the hot oil-butter mixture, stirring often, until garlic is soft but not browned.
Sprinkle in 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes and salt.
Pour chicken stock into skillet and bring to a simmer.
Stir broccoli stems into the stock mixture and simmer until tender, 10 to 12 minutes.
Add a little water or stock if mixture starts to dry out.
Stir broccoli florets into skillet and cook broccoli sauce until florets are bright green and slightly tender, 3 to 4  minutes.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and stir in angel hair pasta.
Cook, stirring occasionally, until pasta strands are almost tender, about 4 minutes.
Drain and transfer to a large pot.
Pour broccoli sauce over pasta, stir with a wooden spoon, and mix in 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.
Cover pot with a lid and let stand until pasta absorbs excess liquid and finishes cooking, about 2 minutes.
Serve in bowls and sprinkle each serving with a dusting of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and a pinch of red pepper flakes.
In a medium bowl, beat butter and Parmesan with an electric mixer until fluffy.
Add cream, a little at a time, until mixture resembles softly scrambled eggs.
Toss with hot pasta to serve.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly coat a 9x9  inch baking dish with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, toss together the zucchini, mushrooms, spinach, garlic, red onion, 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese, and feta cheese.
Drizzle with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, and stir in basil, oregano, sugar, salt and pepper.
Stir the mixture until evenly blended.
Place a layer of lasagna noodles into the bottom of the prepared pan.
Make a layer of tomato slices over the noodles.
Spread a generous amount of the spinach mixture over the tomatoes.
Don't worry, it shrinks a lot while cooking.
Lay slices of tomatoes over the spinach mixture, then another layer of noodles.
Start with another layer of tomatoes on top of the noodles, and repeat layering until the dish is heaped with lasagna, ending with the vegetable mixture.
Sprinkle remaining cheese on the top.
Bake for 35 to 45 minutes in the preheated oven, until noodles, and vegetables are tender.
Let stand for a few minutes to set, then slice and serve.
Beat eggs and sugar with an electric mixer until fluffy.
Stir in the melted margarine and anise extract.
Combine the flour and baking powder; stir in gradually.
Dough will be sticky.
Preheat your pizzelle iron according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Drop batter by rounded spoonfuls onto the iron.
Close and cook for about 90 seconds, or until steam stops coming out of the iron.
Carefully remove and cool.
Store in an airtight tin at room temperature.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a medium skillet over medium heat, cook the sausage until brown and the juices run clear.
Drain and set aside.
In a small bowl, combine ricotta, egg, basil, thyme, garlic powder, oregano and half the shredded mozzarella.
Mix well, and set aside.
Coat the bottom of a 9x13 baking dish with a little of the spaghetti sauce.
Place three noodles in the bottom of the pan, not touching.
Spread a layer of the ricotta mixture, a layer of sausage, and a layer of spaghetti sauce over the noodles.
Repeat three more times.
Top with the reserved mozzarella and Parmesan.
Cover with foil.
Bake in preheated oven 30 minutes, remove foil and bake 15 minutes more, until golden and bubbly.
Heat butter and olive oil together with onion and garlic in a large pot over medium heat; cook and stir ground beef and sausage in the onion mixture until browned and crumbly, 10 to 15 minutes.
Stir Italian seasoning, salt, rosemary, oregano, and black pepper into ground beef-sausage mixture; simmer for 20 minutes.
Pour water, tomato puree, and tomato paste into ground beef-sausage mixture; simmer, stirring occasionally, over low heat until flavors have combined, at least 2 hours.
Heat butter in a saucepan over low heat; cook spinach in the melted butter until warmed, about 1 minute.
Add cream and cream cheese to spinach mixture; cook and stir until cream cheese is melted, about 5 minutes.
Fold Parmesan cheese and garlic powder into spinach mixture; season with salt and pepper.
Simmer until sauce is thickened and smooth, about 10 more minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in red pepper, yellow pepper, kale and garlic.
Season with basil, cayenne pepper, salt and black pepper.
Cook until vegetables are tender.
In a large bowl, toss cooked pasta with skillet mixture.
Sprinkle with feta cheese to serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add fettuccine, and cook for 11 to 13 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter, and blend with milk.
Mix in the flour to thicken.
Gradually stir in the Parmesan cheese until melted.
Crumble salmon into the butter mixture.
Stir in the spinach, capers, sun-dried tomatoes, and oregano.
Cook and stir about 3 minutes, until heated through.
Serve over the cooked pasta.
In a medium bowl, mix cream cheese, garlic and salt; stir and blend in artichoke hearts and olives.
Add green onions, tomatoes, parsley and chives; gently mix together.
Refrigerate for several hours or overnight to blend flavors; serve.
In a medium bowl, combine tomato sauce, garlic, oregano and basil and mix all  together.
Spread mixture over pizza crust, if desired.
Place the ingredients into the pan of a bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Close the lid, select the Dough cycle, and press Start.
When the machine signals the end of the cycle, remove the dough and knead into a tight ball on a lightly floured surface.
Let rest for about 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Stretch the dough out to fit your desired pizza pan.
Let rise for about 20 minutes for a thicker crust.
Top with sauce, cheese and desired pizza toppings.
Bake for 10 to 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the crust is lightly browned on the bottom when you lift up to take a peek.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite, about 10 minutes.
Scoop out some of the cooking water and reserve.
Drain spaghetti.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add garlic and pepper; cook and stir until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes.
Add spaghetti and Pecorino Romano cheese.
Ladle in 1/2 cup of reserved cooking water; stir until cheese is melted, about 1 minute.
Add more cooking water until sauce coats spaghetti, about 1 minute more.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Saute carrot, celery and onion until soft.
Add garlic and saute briefly.
Stir in tomato sauce, chicken broth, pepper, parsley and basil; simmer for 20 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add ditalini pasta and cook for 8 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Add beans to the sauce mixture and simmer for a few minutes.
When pasta is done, stir into sauce and bean mixture.
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in garlic and onion, and cook until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 2 minutes.
Pour in diced tomatoes and sugar.
Increase heat to medium-high, and bring to a simmer, then reduce heat to medium-low, and continue simmering for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Once the sauce has simmered, stir in the cream and season to taste with salt and pepper.
Simmer for an additional 3 minutes.
Lower heat and keep sauce warm
Stir together bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, and dried oregano; set aside.
In a small bowl, whisk together egg and 2 tablespoons milk until blended.
Dip chicken breasts into the egg, then press into breadcrumb mixture to coat both sides, shaking off excess.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add chicken breasts and cook on both sides until they reach an internal temperature of 160 degrees F (70 degrees C), and the bread crumb crust is golden brown, about 10 minutes.
To serve, spoon sauce over chicken and top with Mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses.
Let stand a few minutes until the cheese has melted from the heat of the sauce.
Allow frozen bread dough to thaw approximately 8 hours, or overnight, in the refrigerator.
Place dough in a large, lightly greased bowl.
Place bowl in a warm location, and allow dough to rise until doubled (2 to 3 hours).
Punch down dough.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
On a lightly greased, large baking sheet, roll dough into an approximately 12x18 inch rectangle.
Brush dough lightly with olive oil.
Sprinkle with basil, onion flakes and oregano.
Layer with pepperoni to within a half inch of the edges.
Top with mozzarella cheese.
Beginning with the longest edge, roll dough into a thin cylinder and seal seam.
Glaze with egg.
Bake in the preheated oven 35 minutes, or until golden brown.
Cut into bite sized pieces to serve.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
Combine half-and-half and butter in a saucepan over medium heat.
Boil gently, stirring, until mixture has reduced to 1 1/2 to 1 2/3 cups.
Remove pan from heat; whisk in cheese, basil, oregano, chives, and parsley.
Cover, and set aside.
Saute chicken in a large skillet until lightly browned on both sides.
Stir in green and red bell pepper, and cook until vegetables are tender, and chicken is no longer pink in the middle.
In a casserole dish, combine the hot cooked pasta, chicken mixture, and sauce.
Mix well, and serve immediately.
In a large stock pot, combine diced tomatoes, beans, spinach, chicken broth, tomato sauce, water, garlic, bacon, parsley, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and basil.
Bring to a boil, and let simmer for 40 minutes, covered.
Add pasta and cook uncovered until pasta is tender, approximately 10 minutes.
Ladle soup into individual serving bowls, sprinkle cheese on top, and serve.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium skillet.
Saute mushrooms until soft, remove from skillet and place in a small, covered bowl.
Mix flour, garlic powder, salt and pepper in a shallow dish or bowl.
Dredge chicken in flour mixture.
Place bacon in same skillet and cook over low heat until cooked but not crisp.
Add 2 tablespoons butter to skillet and saute coated chicken over medium heat for 2 minutes each side, adding remaining butter as needed to prevent burning.
Place chicken on a dish, cover and keep warm.
In a medium bowl, slowly add water to cornstarch and mix together, then mix in wine.
Pour liquid mixture into skillet, together with reserved mushrooms.
Heat until mixture begins to boil and thickens, then pour over warm chicken and serve.
OVERNIGHT COLD RISE METHOD: In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in water.
Stir in 2 cups of flour and salt; mix well.
Stir in the remaining flour, 1/2 cup at a time, beating well after each addition.
When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and supple, about 15 minutes.
Place dough in bowl dusted with flour cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.
SPONGE RISE METHOD: In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in 1/2 cup water.
Stir in 1/2 cup of flour; mix well.
Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let rise until foamy, about 1 hour.
Blend in remaining water, flour and salt; beat well.
When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and supple, about 15 minutes.
Place dough in bowl dusted with flour and cover with plastic wrap.
Let rise until doubled, about 2 to 3 hours.
Deflate the dough and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface.
Divide the dough into two equal pieces.
Roll dough out to half of its final size.
Let rest for 10 to 15 minutes (while you prepare desired pizza toppings).
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Stretch out dough over your floured knuckles and spin/toss 2 to 3 times until desired size is achieved.
Place dough on a baker's peel sprinkled with cornmeal or a lightly greased pizza pan.
Spread with desired toppings and bake on a pizza stone in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until golden brown.
Let baked pizza cool for 5 minutes before serving.
Flatten chicken to 1/4 inch thickness between plastic wrap or waxed paper.
Mix egg and water.
Mix bread crumbs, salt, pepper and garlic powder.
Coat chicken with flour, dip into egg mixture and coat with bread crumb mixture.
Heat butter or margarine and oil in 12 inch skillet over medium heat.
Cook chicken for 8 to 10 minutes, turning once, until juice is no longer pink when centers of thickest pieces are cut.
Remove chicken from skillet using tongs; keep warm.
Stir lemon juice and wine into drippings in skillet.
Heat to boiling; pour over chicken.
Sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley, and serve with lemon wedges for garnish.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a large skillet add the olive oil and butter.
Heat until butter is melted.
Add the garlic and saute until tender.
Add the scallops and shrimp.
Cook until shrimp is pink, about 10 minutes.
Add clam juice, salt and pepper.
Cook for 3 minutes more.
To the cooked pasta add the tomatoes, parsley and lemon zest, toss.
Pour seafood mixture over the linguini, serve immediately.
Combine roast beef, dry dressing mix, pepperoncini and beef broth in a slow cooker.
Cook over medium-high heat until hot, about 1 hour
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the penne pasta and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain, and reserve pasta.
Whisk the cornstarch and chicken broth together in a bowl until smooth.
Set aside until needed.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Add the garlic and chicken; stir and cook until the chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear, about 10 minutes.
Stir in the onion, and green and red peppers; cook until tender, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the tomatoes, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Pour in the  chicken broth mixture and wine, if desired, and season with oregano and basil.
Stir in the cooked pasta, and simmer over medium heat until thoroughly heated through, about 5 minutes.
Serve garnished with Parmesan cheese.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Cook and stir sausage, mushrooms, onions, salt, and black pepper in hot oil until vegetables are softened and sausage is browned, 6 to 7 minutes.
Stir chopped chicken to sausage mixture; cook and stir over medium-high heat until browned, about 5 minutes.
Pour in wine and cook, stirring to remove any browned bits off the bottom of the pan, until most of the wine is evaporated, 2 to 3 minutes.
Add tomatoes, chicken broth, and cream; simmer for 30 minutes.
If needed, add water to create a thick sauce.
Stir peppers, olives, and garlic into sauce.
Continue to simmer until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper to taste and stir in parsley.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook rigatoni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until nearly cooked, about 11 minutes.
Drain.
Combine sauce and cooked pasta, stir in cheese, cover and set aside until pasta has absorbed the sauce, 1 to 2 minutes.
Place olive oil, onion, celery, and a pinch of salt into a large heavy saucepan or Dutch oven over medium-low heat.
Cook until onions are very soft, about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Mix garlic into onion mixture and cook just until fragrant, about 1 more minute.
Pour tomatoes and their juice into a large mixing bowl and use your hands to crush the tomatoes until they look pureed.
Mix sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, anchovy paste, white wine vinegar, Italian herbs, and red pepper flakes into vegetable mixture.
Raise heat to medium and cook just until liquid has evaporated.
Stir in tomato paste and bring to a simmer.
Pour in San Marzano tomatoes and parsley.
Bring sauce to a simmer, turn heat to low, and simmer for 1 1/2 hours, adding a little water as the sauce cooks down.
Stir occasionally.
Stir the balsamic vinegar, ketchup, brown sugar, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper together in a saucepan over medium-low heat; cook the sauce at a simmer for 20 minutes.
Remove from heat and allow to sit for 5 minutes.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.
Season both sides of the pork chops with salt and black pepper.
Brush the chops with the sauce from the saucepan.
Cook the pork chops on the preheated grill until the pork is no longer pink in the center, about 5 minutes per side.
An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Remove from the grill and allow to rest for 3 minutes before serving with the remaining sauce on the side.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease cookie sheets.
In a medium bowl, cream together 1/2 cup butter and white sugar until smooth.
Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla and ricotta cheese.
Combine the flour, baking soda and salt; gradually stir into the cheese mixture.
Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto the prepared cookie sheets.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until edges are golden.
Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
In a medium bowl, cream together the remaining butter and confectioners' sugar.
Beat in vanilla and milk gradually until a spreadable consistency is reached.
Frost cooled cookies.
Place chicken breasts on a pan.
Place Swiss cheese and ham slices on top and roll up, securing with toothpicks if necessary.
In a small bowl combine the Parmesan cheese, paprika, garlic salt, tarragon, basil and bread crumbs.
Mix together and dip rollups in mixture to coat.
Drizzle with melted butter and cook on High in microwave for 4 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Arrange tomato slices in a single layer on a baking sheet.
In a small bowl, mix together mayonnaise, parmesan, Dijon mustard, and brown mustard.
Season with  oregano, and salt and pepper to taste.
Use a spoon to top each tomato slice with a small amount of  the mayonnaise mixture.
Sprinkle with mozzarella , and then top with parsley.
Bake in preheated oven for approximately 15 minutes, or until golden brown.
Serve immediately.
In a large skillet, brown sausage over medium heat; drain and set aside.
In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, bay leaves, Italian seasoning, garlic powder, basil, oregano, salt, pepper and Italian sausage; mix well.
Simmer over medium-low heat for at least one hour; it is best if simmered all day.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Mix sauce with hot pasta; serve.
Slice the sausages lengthwise, leaving them attached along one side.
Spread them out flat in a large skillet.
Cook over medium heat for 15 minutes, turning once, until the sausages are browned and cooked through.
Remove from skillet and set aside.
Place the ground beef, olive oil, onion, and garlic in the skillet, and cook and stir over medium heat for about 10 minutes, until the onion is translucent and the beef is browned and crumbly.
Drain all but 2 tablespoons of fat.
Stir in the tomatoes, tomato sauce, salt, pepper, basil, oregano, and bay leaf.
Simmer uncovered over low heat for 1 hour, stirring occasionally, until the flavors have blended.
Remove the bay leaf.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil, drop in the pasta, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until tender.
Drain the pasta, and mix it into the sauce.
Place servings of hot pasta with sauce on oven-safe plates, place a cooked, opened sausage over each serving, and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Place plates in the preheated oven for 5 to 10 minutes, until the cheese has melted and begun to brown.
Brown meat in large skillet; drain.
Stir in spaghetti sauce and water.
Mix ricotta, 1-1/2 cups mozzarella, 2 Tbsp.
Parmesan, egg and parsley.
Spoon 1 cup meat sauce into slow cooker; top with layers of half each of the noodles (broken to fit) and cheese mixture.
Cover with 2 cups meat sauce.
Top with remaining noodles (broken to fit), cheese mixture and meat sauce.
Cover with lid.
Cook on LOW 4 to 6 hours or until liquid is absorbed.
Sprinkle with remaining cheeses; let stand, covered, 10 min.
or until melted.
Combine the water and milk in a medium size pot or saucepan, heat the water and milk to a simmer.
Keep the pan over low heat.
Melt the butter in a large casserole or skillet over medium high heat.
Add the onion and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add the garlic and the rice,  stir constantly for 1 minute.
Add the white wine and stir until completely absorbed.
Begin to add the heated milk-water mixture 1/2 cup at a time, stirring frequently.
Wait until each addition is almost completely absorbed before adding the next.
When the rice has cooked for 15 minutes and most of the liquid has been incorporated, add the corn kernels and tomatoes along with the end of the milk-water mixture.
Cook, stirring frequently, until the rice is tender but still slightly chewy.
The risotto should take 18 to 20 minutes of cooking all together.
Stir in the Parmesan cheese, most of the basil, and the salt and pepper.
Spoon the risotto immediately onto plates, top with the remaining basil strands, and serve.
Make the sauce: In a large, heavy saucepan, over medium heat, heat the olive oil.
Place the onions in the saucepan and saute them until they are soft, about 5 minutes.
Add the garlic; cook 5 minutes more.
Place the tomatoes, tomato paste, basil and parsley in the saucepan.
Stir well, turn the heat to low and let the sauce simmer covered for 1 hour.
Add the salt and pepper.
While the sauce is cooking bring a large kettle of salted water to a boil.
Boil the lasagna noodles for 9 minutes, then drain and rinse well.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place the tofu blocks in a large bowl.
Add the garlic, basil and parsley.
Add the salt and pepper, and mash all the ingredients together by squeezing pieces of tofu through your fingers.
Mix well.
Assemble the lasagna: Spread 1 cup of the tomato sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch casserole pan.
Arrange a single layer of lasagna noodles, sprinkle one-third of the tofu mixture over the noodles.
Distribute the spinach evenly over the tofu.
Next ladle 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce over the tofu, and top it with another layer of the noodles.
Then sprinkle another 1/3 of the tofu mixture over the noodles, top the tofu with 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce, and place a final layer of noodles over the tomato sauce.
Finally, top the noodles with the final 1/3 of the tofu, and spread the remaining tomato sauce over everything.
Cover the pan with foil and bake the lasagna for 30 minutes.
Serve hot and enjoy.
In a Dutch oven or large frying pan, cook and stir ground beef until brown.
Add garlic, tomato sauce, gravy, cream, Parmesan cheese, oregano and basil.
Simmer for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water until al dente.
Drain.
Combine the cooked ziti and the sauce, and spread  into a greased 9x13 baking dish.
Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 to 30 minutes, until bubbly.
In a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar, lemon juice, oil, water, Worcestershire sauce, oregano, sugar and garlic until evenly combined.
Chill before serving.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place pizza crust on baking sheet.
In a small bowl, mix together olive oil and sesame oil.
Brush onto pre-baked pizza crust, covering entire surface.
Stack the spinach leaves, then cut lengthwise into 1/2 inch strips; scatter evenly over crust.
Cover pizza with shredded mozzarella, and top with sliced mushrooms.
Bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted and edges are crisp.
Place the sausage in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook until evenly brown.
Remove from skillet, and crumble into a large pot.
Add bell pepper, onion, garlic, and tomatoes with their liquid.
Stir in parsley, basil, and chicken broth.
Cover, place over medium heat, and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low, and cook for 30 minutes.
Stir orzo pasta and spinach into the pot.
Continue cooking soup 10 minutes, or until pasta is al dente.
Serve topped with Parmesan cheese.
Place the pork and red wine vinegar in a mixing bowl.
Sprinkle with salt, black pepper, parsley, garlic powder, onion powder, basil, paprika, red pepper flakes, fennel seed, brown sugar, oregano, and thyme.
Knead until flecks of spice are evenly distributed through the sausage.
Divide the sausage into thirds, and form into 3 logs; wrap each in plastic wrap.
Place wrapped sausage into a freezer bag before freezing, or store in refrigerator for at least 12 hours before cooking.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute onion with salt and pepper for 2 minutes.
Stir in zucchini and mushrooms.
When zucchini begins to soften, add tomatoes, garlic and Italian seasoning.
Cook until heated through.
Heat oil in a large non-stick skillet over low heat and saute garlic for about 2 minutes; be careful not to burn.
Just as the garlic begins to turn brown, remove pan from heat.
Allow pan to cool, and add tomatoes, wine, water, salt and sugar.
Cook over medium-high heat and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, about 20 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in basil.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Arrange the chicken pieces in a 10x15-inch enameled roasting pan.
In a large skillet over medium high heat, fry the potatoes in 1/2-inch-deep oil until golden brown, then put them in the pan with the chicken.
Combine the vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, oregano, parsley, onion, salt and pepper with the 1/2 cup reserved frying oil and pour this mixture over the chicken and potatoes.
Bake in the preheated oven for 1 1/4 hours, basting the chicken and potatoes with the sauce mixture.
Let rest for 5 minutes and serve hot.
In a large pot of boiling water, blanch broccoli for about 5 minutes.
Drain, and set  aside.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute garlic until lightly golden, being careful not to burn it.
Add the broccoli.
Saute, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes.
Broccoli should be tender yet crisp to the bite.
Meanwhile, cook cavatelli in a large pot of boiling salted water for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente.
Drain, and place in a large serving bowl.
Toss with the broccoli, and season with salt and hot pepper flakes.
Serve with parmesan cheese.
In a small bowl, stir together the garlic and butter until well combined.
Set aside.
Place a chicken breast half on a work surface with the thick side facing to the right (if you're right-handed), and place your left hand down on the chicken breast.
Using a very sharp knife, carefully cut the chicken breast from the thick side to about 1/2 inch from the edge of the thin side, in a horizontal cut.
Open the cut chicken breast and spread it out like an open book.
Using a meat mallet, gently pound the butterflied chicken breast out until it's an even thickness.
Place the flour into a shallow dish, and dredge each chicken breast on both sides with flour.
Melt the garlic butter in a large skillet over medium heat until it stops foaming, and cook each chicken breast until golden brown on both sides, 6 to 8 minutes per side.
Sprinkle each breast with salt and pepper.
Remove the chicken breasts to a platter, and keep warm.
Cook and stir the mushrooms in the same skillet as the chicken until the mushrooms have absorbed the remaining butter in the skillet and have begun to turn brown at the edges.
Stir in capers, lemon juice, white wine, and chicken demi-glace, and stir to combine.
Reduce to a simmer.
Adjust salt and pepper again, and stir the parsley into the sauce.
Remove the chicken breasts to plates, and serve the sauce over the chicken.
Garnish each serving with a lemon slice.
Pour the warm water into the pan of the bread machine, and add the flour on top of the water.
Sprinkle with salt and sugar, and top with the yeast.
Set the machine on the dough setting, and push the start button.
When the machine signals that the dough is finished, transfer to a well-floured work surface.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Roll or stretch the dough out into thin crust about 14 inches across.
Leave dough thick at the edge.
Place the dough onto a 14-inch pizza baking sheet, and brush the dough with the olive oil.
Bake in preheated oven for 5 minutes before removing to top with desired ingredients for final baking.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat.
Once the water is boiling, add the lasagna noodles a few at a time, and return to a boil.
Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, about 10 minutes.
Remove the noodles to a plate.
Place the ground beef into a skillet over medium heat, add the garlic, garlic powder, oregano, salt, and black pepper to the skillet.
Cook the meat, chopping it into small chunks as it cooks, until no longer pink, about 10 minutes.
Drain excess grease.
In a bowl, mix the cottage cheese, eggs, and Parmesan cheese until thoroughly combined.
Place 4 noodles side by side into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking pan; top with a layer of the tomato-basil sauce, a layer of ground beef mixture, and a layer of the cottage cheese mixture.
Repeat layers twice more, ending with a layer of sauce; sprinkle top with the mozzarella cheese.
Cover the dish with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until the casserole is bubbling and the cheese has melted, about 30 minutes.
Remove foil and bake until cheese has begun to brown, about 10 more minutes.
Allow to stand at least 10 minutes before serving.
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source.
Bring a large pot of lightly-salted water to a boil; cook the penne uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender yet firm to the bite, about 11 minutes.
Drain and return to the pot.
Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook and stir the sausage in the hot oil until crumbly and no longer pink, about 7 minutes: remove from the skillet, leaving the fat in the pan, and set aside.
Pour the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil into the skillet and add the mushrooms and garlic.
Cook and stir until the mushrooms have browned and begun to release their liquid, about 5 minutes more.
Return the sausage to the skillet and pour in the heavy cream.
Season with salt and pepper and return to a simmer, cooking until the sauce begins to thicken, about 5 minutes more.
Pour the sauce over the pasta and stir.
Stir in 1/2 cup mozzarella and Parmesan.
Pour into a 9x13-inch baking dish and sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup mozzarella cheese.
Broil in the preheated oven until the mozzarella cheese is bubbly and golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9 inch square baking dish.
In a large pot, combine the milk and chicken stock.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
When it is at a rolling boil, gradually whisk in the cornmeal, making sure there are no lumps.
Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring constantly until thick, about 5 minutes.
Remove from the heat and stir in the Parmesan cheese.
Pour the polenta into the prepared baking dish, and spread spaghetti sauce over the top.
Bake for 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until sauce is bubbling.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Prepare a baking dish with cooking spray.
Mix turkey, egg, bread crumbs, Italian seasoning, garlic, black pepper, and salt in a large bowl; shape into a loaf and put into prepared baking dish.
Bake in preheated oven for 40 minutes.
Spoon about half the tomato sauce over the loaf and continue baking until the meatloaf is no longer pink in the center, 10 to 15 minutes more.
An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
Rest meatloaf 5 to 10 minutes before slicing to serve.
While the meatloaf rests, warm remaining tomato sauce in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; serve with the sliced meatloaf.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat.
Cook garlic in butter briefly.
Stir in wine, and season with oregano, parsley, and red pepper flakes.
Place clams in the wine mixture.
Cover, and steam until all the clams have opened: discard any that do not open.
Serve in soup bowls, and ladle broth generously over them.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium-high heat.
Add onion and garlic and cook 2 to 4 minutes until crisp-tender, stirring frequently.
Mix in diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, sugar, oregano and salt.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer 15 to 20 minutes or until flavors are blended, stirring frequently.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add spaghetti, and cook until al dente, about 5 minutes.
Drain, and set aside.
While the pasta is getting started, slice sausages lengthwise, and remove the casings.
Brown sausages in a large skillet over medium-high heat with a drizzle of the olive oil.
Remove sausages to a platter, and keep warm in the oven.
Add the bell peppers, garlic, oregano and basil to the skillet, and drizzle with the remaining olive oil.
Saute over medium heat until peppers are tender.
Toss the pepper mixture with the drained spaghetti until well blended, and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Transfer to a serving platter, and arrange the sausages on the top.
Garnish with Italian parsley and Parmesan cheese.
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water.
Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes.
In a large bowl, combine flour, salt and shortening.
Stir in the yeast mixture.
When the dough has pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes.
Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl, and turn to coat with oil.
Cover with a damp cloth, and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 45 minutes.
Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onion until tender.
Stir in tomato paste and water.
Season with sugar, salt, black pepper, garlic powder, basil, oregano, marjoram, cumin, chili powder and red pepper flakes.
Simmer 15 to 20 minutes.
Recipe makes 2 (12 inch) pizzas.
Divide dough in half, and spread onto pizza pans.
Cover with sauce, and desired toppings.
Bake at 400 degrees for 20 minutes, or until crust is golden brown.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Set rack in the middle of the oven.
Butter and flour a 9 1/2 inch springform pan, and tap out excess flour.
Place the ricotta in a large mixing bowl, and stir it as smooth as possible with a rubber spatula.
Stir the sugar and flour together thoroughly into the ricotta.
Stir in the eggs 1 at a time.
Blend in the vanilla, cinnamon, orange zest, and salt.
Pour batter into the prepared pan.
Bake in the center of the oven for about 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours, until a light golden color.
Make sure the center is fairly firm, and the point of a sharp knife inserted in the center comes out clean.
Cool on a wire rack.
It will sink slightly as it cools.
Cover, and chill till serving time.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Spray an 11x13-inch baking dish and 2 baking sheets with cooking spray.
Place eggplant slices on racks over the sink or paper towels and sprinkle both sides of slices lightly with salt.
Let eggplant drain for 30 minutes, rinse, and pat dry with paper towels.
Place eggplant slices on prepared baking sheets.
Bake in the preheated oven until eggplant is soft, about 15 minutes.
Pour beaten eggs into a shallow bowl; combine panko bread crumbs with Italian seasoning in a separate shallow bowl.
Dip eggplant into beaten egg and press into panko crumbs to coat.
Place breaded eggplant back on the baking sheets and spray the slices with cooking spray.
Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler.
Broil eggplant slices until tops are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes; remove slices, turn, and spray other sides with cooking spray.
Broil until golden brown 2 to 3 more minutes.
Remove eggplant and turn oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat and cook and stir onion and garlic until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in prepared pasta sauce and remove from heat.
Spread 1/3 of the pasta sauce into bottom of the prepared baking dish.
Top with half the eggplant slices, half the Italian cheese blend, and half the Parmesan cheese.
Spread another 1/3 of the sauce over the layers; layer the remaining eggplant, remaining pasta sauce, Italian cheese blend, and Parmesan cheese.
Bake casserole in the 350 degree oven until cheese is melted and bubbly, about 30 minutes.
Let stand about 10 minutes before serving.
In a large bowl, mix together flour, yeast, sugar, salt, black olives, olive oil, and water.
Turn out dough onto a floured board.
Knead until smooth and elastic, 5 to 10 minutes.
Set aside, and let rise about 45 minutes, until it doubles in size.
Punch down.
Knead well again, for about 5 to 10 minutes.
Let rise for about 30 minutes, until it doubles in size.
Round the dough on kneading board.
Place upside down in a bowl lined with a lint-free, well floured towel.
Let rise until double in size.
While the bread is rising for the third time, put a pan of water in the bottom of the oven.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C).
Gently turn loaf out onto a sheet pan that has been lightly oiled and dusted with cornmeal.
Bake loaf at 500 degrees F (260 degrees C) for 15 minutes.
Reduce heat to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bake for 30 more minutes, or until done.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine the ground turkey, sausage, eggs, oats, onion and milk.
Season with 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Italian seasoning, garlic powder and salt.
Mix well and form into a loaf.
Place into a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a separate small bowl, mix together the spaghetti sauce, hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce and liquid smoke.
Smooth over the entire meatloaf.
Bake in preheated oven for 50 to 60 minutes.
Place the rice and 1 cup water in a pot, and bring to a boil.
Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes.
Place lentils in a pot with the remaining 1 1/2 cups water, and bring to a boil.
Cook 15 minutes, or until tender.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat, and stir in the onion and garlic.
Mix in tomato, celery, carrots, zucchini, and 1/2 the tomato sauce.
Season with 1/2 the basil, 1/2 the oregano, 1/2 the cumin, salt, and pepper.
Cook until vegetables are tender.
In a casserole dish, mix the rice, lentils, and vegetables.
Top with remaining tomato sauce, and sprinkle with remaining basil, oregano, and cumin.
Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until bubbly.
Soak raisins in lukewarm water for 30 minutes.
Drain and set aside.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan or skillet over high heat.
Saute onion and garlic until soft.
Stir in raisins, tomatoes, olives, pine nuts and capers.
Cover pan, reduce heat to medium and cook for 15 minutes.
Season the steaks with salt and pepper.
Place in a lightly oiled baking dish and cover with the cooked sauce.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until steaks are firm.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Line baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a large bow, with the mixer a low speed, beat the sugar and butter until combined.
Increase speed to high and beat until light and fluffy (about 5 minutes).
Reduce speed to medium and beat in the ricotta, vanilla and eggs.
Reduce speed to low.
Add flour, baking powder and salt; beat until dough forms.
Drop dough by level tablespoons, about 2 inches apart; onto the prepared baking sheets.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for about 15 minutes or until cookies are very lightly golden (cookies will be soft).
With spatula, remove cookies to wire rack to cool.
When cookies are cool, prepare icing.
In small bowl, stir confectioners' sugar and milk until smooth.
With small spreader, spread icing on cookies; place a candied cherry piece on top of each cookie or sprinkle with colored sugar or candy sprinkles.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Season the chicken with the rosemary on both sides; cook the chicken in the hot oil until browned evenly, 3 to 4 minutes per side.
Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside.
Pour 1 tablespoon olive oil into the skillet.
Cook and stir the garlic in the hot oil until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Add the tomato sauce, Italian seasoning, cayenne pepper, sugar, bay leaf, and red pepper flakes to the skillet; stir.
Return the chicken to the skillet; cover and reduce heat to medium-low.
Simmer until the chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, 10 to 12 minutes.
Stir the garbanzo beans into the skillet; continue cooking until the beans are heated, 2 to 3 minutes more.
In a large saucepan, bring the vegetable stock to a simmer.
While the stock is heating, drain the sun-dried tomatoes and reserve the oil.
Chop the tomatoes coarsely and set them aside.
In a large frying pan, warm 2 tablespoons of oil from the tomatoes, add onion and saute until translucent; about 6 minutes.
Add rice to the frying pan and stir until white spots appear in the center of the grains; about 1 minute.
Spoon a ladleful of vegetable stock into the frying pan and cook the mixture on low until all the stock is absorbed; about 2 minutes.
Continue adding the stock, a ladleful at a time until the rice is tender and the mixture is creamy, approximately 20 to 25 minutes.
Add the mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, 2 tablespoons of the remaining oil from the tomatoes, chopped basil, and salt and pepper.
Mix well and serve.
Rinse chicken thighs and pat dry with paper towels.
Heat oil in the pot of an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)) on "Saute" mode; add chicken.
Cook until browned, about 6 minutes per side.
Transfer chicken to a plate, reserving drippings in the pot.
Place celery, onion, and mushrooms in the pot; cook and stir until soft, about 5 minutes.
Add garlic; cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Place chicken back in the pot; add tomatoes and tomato paste.
Sprinkle with herbes de Provence.
Top with water and bouillon.
Close and lock the lid.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions.
Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Cook for 11 minutes.
Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes.
Unlock and remove lid carefully, turning it away from you.
Test chicken for doneness; an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Season the chicken to taste with red pepper flakes and black pepper.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In large bowl, mix flour, baking powder and white sugar.
Make a well in the center and add oil, milk, 1 tablespoon anise extract, and eggs.
Mix together until dough is sticky.
Oil fingers and pinch off dough in 1 inch pieces.
Roll into a ball and place on a lightly greased cookie sheet, 1 inch apart, flatten top slightly.
Bake  for 8 minutes.
Dip cookies in Icing while warm.
To Make Icing:  Blend in 1 teaspoon anise extract and enough hot water to 1 cup confectioner's sugar to form a smooth icing.
In a large bowl, combine the tomatoes, cheese, onion, oil, vinegar, basil, and salt and pepper to taste.
Toss and chill for 1 hour.
Serve on large platter.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Toss with olive oil.
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, roast asparagus, broccoli, bell pepper and zucchini until flecked with dark brown.
Set aside.
In a large skillet over medium heat, melt butter.
Saute garlic with prosciutto and sun-dried tomatoes until heated through.
Toss with penne, roasted vegetables and Parmesan.
Place in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Bake in preheated oven 30 to 40 minutes, until hot.
Bring the water to a boil in a large saucepan.
Add Brussels sprouts, and cook for 5 to 7 minutes.
They should still be slightly firm.
Drain, and rinse with cold water.
Slice the sprouts in half, and set aside.
Heat one tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Add the garlic and pancetta; cook and stir for about 5 minutes, until garlic is lightly browned.
Add the remaining olive oil and Brussels sprouts.
Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring until the sprouts are well coated with the flavor.
Season with salt and pepper, and cook for 5 more minutes before serving.
Mound the flour and salt together on a work surface and form a well.
Beat the teaspoon of olive oil, 2 eggs, and water in a bowl.
Pour half the egg mixture into the well.
Begin mixing the egg with the flour with one hand; use your other hand to keep the flour mound steady.
Add the remaining egg mixture and knead to form a dough.
Knead the dough until smooth, 8 to 10 minutes; add more flour if the dough is too sticky.
Form the dough into a ball and wrap tightly with plastic.
Refrigerate for 1 hour.
While the dough is resting, prepare the ravioli filling.
Combine the ricotta cheese, cream cheese, mozzarella cheese, provolone cheese, egg, and parsley and mix well.
Set the filling aside.
Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Add the crushed garlic and pesto sauce and cook for one minute.
Pour in the heavy cream, raise the heat to high, and bring the sauce to a boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes.
Add the Parmesan cheese and stir until the cheese melts.
Remove the pan from the heat and keep warm.
Meanwhile, in a separate saucepan, warm the marinara sauce over medium-low heat.
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Beat the egg with the tablespoon of water to make the egg wash.
Roll out the pasta dough into thin sheets no thicker than a nickel.
To assemble the ravioli, brush the egg wash over a sheet of pasta.
Drop the filling mixture on the dough by teaspoonfuls about one inch apart.
Cover the filling with the top sheet of pasta, pressing out the air from around each portion of filling.
Press firmly around the filling to seal.
Cut into individual ravioli with a knife or pizza cutter.
Seal the edges.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat.
Stir in the ravioli, and return to a boil.
Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the ravioli float to the top and the filling is hot, 4 to 8 minutes.
Drain well.
Grease a baking sheet.
Place the cooked ravioli on the sheet pan and bake in the preheated oven until brown, about 4 minutes.
To serve the ravioli, divide them among four warmed serving bowls.
Drizzle the marinara sauce over the ravioli and then top with the cream sauce.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Combine bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, salt, and black pepper in a shallow bowl; place flour into a second bowl.
Whisk egg and lemon juice together in a third bowl.
Dip each chicken breast in egg mixture and dredge in flour; dip again in egg mixture and dredge chicken in crumb mixture until coated.
Place coated chicken breasts into a baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until chicken is heated through and crumbs are golden, about 20 minutes.
Spoon 2 tablespoons pizza sauce onto each chicken breast, sprinkle each with half the mozzarella cheese, and top each with half the pepperoni slices.
Bake until chicken is no longer pink inside and the juices run clear, about 10 more minutes.
An instant-read meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a breast should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
In a large stock pot, saute onions, carrots, celery, garlic and ham in olive oil until onion is transparent.
To stock pot add chicken broth, tomato juice, red beans, parsley, basil, red pepper, vinegar, sugar and season with salt and pepper.
Simmer for 1 hour.
Fill a separate stock pot 3/4 full of water and bring to a boil.
Add pasta and cook until tender and drain.
Place desired amount of pasta into separate serving bowls and ladle soup on top.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In large skillet over medium-high heat, cook beef until brown; drain.
In small saucepan, heat spaghetti sauce.
In a medium bowl, stir together ricotta, Romano, egg, basil and garlic.
Coat the bottom of a 9 x 13 baking dish with a thin layer of spaghetti sauce.
Place 3 or 4 noodles, overlapping edges, over sauce.
Spread half of ricotta mixture over noodles.
Cover ricotta with half of browned beef, half of pepperoni slices, and 1/4 of mozzarella cheese.
Repeat sauce, noodle, ricotta, meat and cheese layers.
Layer sauce and noodles again, and pour remaining sauce over all, being sure to cover the edges.
Top with remaining mozzarella.
Cover pan with foil and pierce foil 3 or 4 times with fork to ventilate.
Bake 45 minutes, remove foil, and bake 15 minutes more to brown the top.
Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
Cook the tortellini according to package instructions, drain in a colander set in the sink, and rinse with cold water.
Place the tortellini, pepperoni, green onions, olives, artichoke hearts, and mozzarella cheese in a large salad bowl.
Whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, white vinegar, Italian seasonings, and salt and pepper in a bowl, and pour over the salad ingredients.
Gently stir to combine, and refrigerate to chill before serving.
For even better flavor, let chill in refrigerator for at least 2 hours before serving.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Line 2 cookie sheets with foil; lightly grease foil.
Mix almond paste and granulated sugar in food processor until smooth.
Add confectioners' sugar and 2 egg whites; process until smooth.
Whisk remaining 2 egg whites in small bowl.
Place pine nuts on shallow plate.
With lightly floured hands, roll dough into 1 inch balls.
Coat balls in egg whites, shaking off excess, then roll in pine nuts, pressing lightly to stick.
Arrange balls on cookie sheets, and flatten slightly to form a 1 1/2 inch round.
Bake 15 to 18 minutes in the preheated oven, or until lightly browned.
Let stand on cookie sheet 1 minute.
Transfer to wire rack to cool.
Method 1: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (125 degrees C).
Slice 1/4 inch off top of garlic bulb.
Place in a small baking dish and drizzle with olive oil.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, until outside is lightly browned and garlic cloves are soft.
When cool enough to touch, squeeze each clove to extract softened garlic.
Method 2: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (125 degrees C).
Peel each garlic clove.
Place in a single layer in a small baking dish and drizzle with olive oil.
Bake for 15 minutes, until garlic is soft.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Prepare a 9x13-inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 12 minutes; drain and transfer to a large bowl.
Mix eggs, Parmesan cheese, and butter with the spaghetti to coat pasta completely; spread into the prepared baking dish.
Spread cottage cheese over the spaghetti to cover completely.
Spread spaghetti sauce over the cottage cheese; top with a layer of mozzarella cheese.
Bake until hot in the center, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a large skillet over medium heat, cook beef until brown; drain.
Beat milk and eggs together until well combined; season with salt and pepper.
Place pasta in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Pour milk mixture evenly over pasta.
Pour pasta sauce over that.
Distribute beef evenly over pasta sauce and sprinkle with oregano, garlic powder, minced onion and pepperoni slices.
Top with shredded cheese.
Bake in preheated oven until hot and bubbly, 30 minutes.
Combine chicken with ground pepper, cheese, parsley, garlic, salt, oregano, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and wine in a shallow bowl.
Marinate in the refrigerator for several hours (overnight is best).
Preheat broiler.
Remove chicken from marinade (save marinade) and place in a shallow pan.
Broil 8 inches from heat, turning once, until chicken is no longer pink inside (about 15 minutes).
In a small saucepan, bring marinade to a boil.
Pour over chicken, toss and serve.
Yummy!
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat a large heavy skillet over medium heat.
Combine shrimp, scallops, artichokes and sun dried tomatoes, then cook until shrimp turn pink.
Reduce heat, and stir in cream and parmesan.
Toss with cooked pasta, and sprinkle olives on top.
Heat the cream and butter in a saucepan over medium heat until almost boiling, but do not boil.
Add mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses, and stir until melted.
Stir in the sun-dried tomatoes, and season with salt and pepper.
Remove from heat and serve over pasta with a sprinkling of pine nuts.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Combine 1 1/2 cup Italian cheese blend, garlic, basil, and oregano in a bowl.
Combine Parmesan cheese and bread crumbs in a separate bowl.
Cut one side of each chicken breast through the middle horizontally to within one-half inch of the other side.
Open the two sides and spread them out like an open book.
Lightly pound chicken to flatten.
Fill each chicken breast with Italian cheese blend mixture and close like a book over the filling.
Coat the outside of each chicken breast with egg; press bread crumb mixture over egg layer to coat each chicken breast.
Arrange chicken breasts in a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until  chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 45 minutes.
An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Pour spaghetti sauce over cooked chicken; top with 1/4 cup Italian cheese blend.
Bake until sauce is bubbling and cheese is melted, about 5 more minutes.
Whisk together flour, black pepper, and paprika in a shallow dish.
Dredge the chicken pieces in the flour mixture, coating evenly; set aside.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; stir and cook the garlic until light brown, about 1 minute.
Remove the garlic from the skillet and set aside.
Place 2 tablespoons of butter into the skillet with the olive oil.
Cook the chicken pieces in the oil and butter over medium-high heat until brown, about 5 minutes per side.
Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside.
Pour the wine into the hot skillet and bring to a boil over high heat, scraping the browned pieces from the bottom and sides of the pan.
Boil the wine until it is reduced by half, about 5 minutes.
Whisk in the chicken broth, reserved garlic, lemon juice and capers.
Cook for 5 minutes over medium-high heat.
Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and parsley.
Return the chicken pieces to the skillet and continue cooking over medium heat until the sauce thickens, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat.
Once the water is boiling, stir in the angel hair pasta, and return to a boil.
Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes.
Drain well.
Remove the chicken pieces to a serving dish and drizzle with a few tablespoons of the sauce and capers.
Place the cooked angel hair pasta into the skillet with the remaining piccata sauce and toss to coat.
Heat a large pot over medium heat.
Crumble sausage into the saucepan; add onion and green bell pepper.
Cook and stir the sausage mixture until the sausage is completely browned, 7 to 10 minutes.
Drain grease.
Pour marinara sauce and diced tomatoes over the sausage mixture; season with garlic powder and stir.
Bring the mixture to a simmer, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook at a simmer until the diced tomatoes break down into the sauce, 30 to 45 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook the frozen tortellini at a boil until they float to the top and the filling is hot, 6 to 7 minutes; drain.
Gently fold the cooked tortellini into the simmering sauce; cook together another 5 minutes.
Pour tortellini and sauce into a 13x9-inch baking dish; top with mozzarella cheese.
Bake in preheated oven until cheese is golden brown, 20 to 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large bowl, combine the egg, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, milk and onion.
Remove sausage from casings.
Add sausage to the bread crumb mixture and mix well.
Shape into 20 meatballs.
Arrange meatballs on a shallow baking pan.
Bake for 20 minutes or until meatballs are cooked through (160 degrees F).
Serve with your favorite sauce and spaghetti.
Place cooked squash into a mixing bowl.
Add salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper.
Stir in mascarpone cheese, egg yolk, and 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese, mixing until the filling is smoothly combined.
Place a wonton wrapper onto a working surface.
Wet the tip of a finger in water, and run it all along the outer edge of the wonton skin to moisten.
Place about 1 teaspoon of filling in the center of the wonton.
Fold the wonton in half to make a half-moon shape, and press the edges to seal.
Repeat with the remaining wonton wrappers.
Place a deep skillet over medium-low heat.
Stir in butter and unpeeled clove of garlic.
Meanwhile, bring a saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil.
Drop the filled raviolis into the boiling water, a few at a time, and cook until they float to the top, about 2 minutes.
Drain the raviolis, and transfer them to the skillet.
Turn the heat under the skillet up to medium-high, and cook just until the raviolis are infused with garlic flavor, about 2 or 3 more minutes.
Sprinkle with chopped sage, more black pepper, and extra Parmesan cheese to taste.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add garlic, and cook for a few minutes, stirring constantly.
Pour in the tomatoes with their juices, and simmer until the liquid has reduced by about 1/2.
Place the broccoli on top of the tomatoes, and season with a little salt and pepper.
Cover, and simmer over low heat for 10 minutes, or until the broccoli is tender.
Do not over cook the broccoli, it should be a vibrant green.
Pour into a serving dish, and toss to blend with the sauce before serving.
In a small mixing bowl, combine tomatoes, onion, garlic, basil, oregano, and salt and pepper.
Mix well, cover, and refrigerate.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Cut the loaf of French bread into 12 slices on the diagonal.
Arrange the bread on a baking sheet and toast in the oven for 5 minutes, or until golden brown.
Reduce the oven's temperature to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).
Spoon equal amounts of the tomato mixture onto the toasted slices of bread.
Top with slices of mozzarella.
Place the pan of bread back into the oven until the cheese has melted just slightly and is oozing over the tomatoes, approximately 2 minutes.
Serve immediately.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
In a medium saucepan, combine the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar.
Stir in the eggs, ricotta cheese and vanilla.
Mix gently over low heat until combined.
Batter will be sticky.
Drop by tablespoons into the hot oil a few at a time.
Zeppole will turn over by themselves.
Fry until golden brown, about 3 or 4 minutes.
Drain in a paper sack and dust with confectioners' sugar.
Serve warm.
In a large bowl, beat eggs and sugar until thick.
Stir in the melted butter and vanilla.
Sift together the flour and baking powder, and blend into the batter until smooth.
Heat the pizzelle iron, and brush with oil.
Drop about one tablespoon of batter onto each circle on the iron.
You may need to experiment with the amount of batter and baking time depending on the iron.
Bake for 20 to 45 seconds, or until steam is no longer coming out of the iron.
Carefully remove cookies from the iron.
Cool completely before storing in an airtight container.
For chocolate pizzelles, add 1/4 cup cocoa sifted together with flour and baking powder, 1/4 cup more sugar and 1/4 teaspoon more baking powder.
I find that for the chocolate mixture, the iron must be well oiled to start and then brush on more as needed.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a medium casserole dish.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place pasta in the pot, cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
In a skillet over medium heat, cook the sausage until evenly brown.
In the prepared casserole dish, mix the cooked pasta, sausage, and pasta sauce.
In a bowl, mix the cottage cheese, olives, and mozzarella cheese.
Spoon the cheese mixture over the sausage and pasta mixture.
Top with pepperoni slices.
Bake 25 minutes in the preheated oven, until bubbly and lightly browned.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil, and cook the penne pasta 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a skillet over medium heat, cook and stir the escarole, cannellini beans and liquid, and diced tomatoes with garlic and onion until heated through.
Season with salt and pepper.
Toss with the cooked pasta to serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and lay lasagna flat on foil to cool.
In a medium bowl, combine ricotta, Parmesan, eggs, salt and pepper; mix well.
In a medium saucepan, heat oil over medium heat and saute garlic for 2 minutes; stir in spaghetti sauce and Italian seasoning.
Heat sauce until warmed through, stirring occasionally, 2 to 5 minutes.
Spread 1/2 cup of sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 baking dish.
Cover with a layer of noodles.
Spread half the ricotta mixture over noodles; top with another noodle layer.
Pour 1 1/2 cups of sauce over noodles, and spread the remaining ricotta over the sauce.
Top with remaining noodles and sauce and sprinkle mozzarella over all.
Cover with greased foil.
Bake 45 minutes, or until cheese is bubbly and top is golden.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 10x15 inch jelly-roll pan.
In a large mixing bowl, combine  ground beef, oregano, parsley and garlic.
Mix in onion soup mix and seasoned bread crumbs.
Mix thoroughly.
Using a 1 ounce scoop, scoop and shape the meat mixture into balls.
Place in the prepared pan and bake in a preheated oven for 1 hour or until meatballs are browned and cooked through.
In a large pot over high heat, bring the spaghetti sauce to a boil and add cooked meatballs.
Reduce heat and simmer for 4 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Sautee garlic and mushrooms until tender.
Pour in 2 jars Alfredo sauce.
Stir in shrimp, scallops and crabmeat.
Simmer 5 to 10 minutes, or until heated through.
In a medium bowl, combine ricotta cheese, egg and pepper.
In a 9x13 inch baking dish, layer noodles, ricotta mixture, Alfredo mixture and shredded cheese.
Repeat layers until all ingredients are used, ensuring that there is shredded cheese for the top.
Bake uncovered in preheated oven for 45 minutes.
Cover, and bake 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Saute carrots, zucchini, squash, onion and bell pepper in a large saucepan with a small amount of olive oil.
Season with garlic salt and pepper.
Saute vegetables for approximately 5 minutes and pour in spaghetti sauce.
Stir, cover and simmer until vegetables are slightly tender.
Slice polenta into 1/2 inch circles and season with garlic salt and pepper.
Heat enough oil in a medium skillet so as to completely cover the entire bottom of the pan.
Pan fry seasoned polenta in hot oil, about 3 minutes per side.
Remove from oil and layer the slices in a large casserole dish.
Spoon the vegetable mixture over the polenta and then sprinkle with Mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.
Bake casserole for 30 minutes.
Remove from oven and let cool for 5 minutes before serving.
Melt 4 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over low heat.
Add the onions; cook and stir until they turn a deep brown, about 10 minutes.
Stir in the garlic, and cook for 2 minutes, until fragrant.
Mix in the chicken stock and rosemary, and increase the heat to medium-high.
Cook until reduced by 1/3, about 8 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the spaghetti pasta, and cook until tender, about 8 minutes.
Drain, then add noodles to the sauce in the skillet.
Stir in the remaining butter and Parmesan cheese.
Season with salt and pepper.
Serve in a large bowl family style, or place about 1 cup of pasta in a large mug or small bowl.
Insert a dinner fork in the center of the pasta and twirl the fork around, holding the mug steady.
The pasta will wind up tighter and tighter as you turn.
Remove the fork and immediately turn the pasta out onto a dinner plate or shallow bowl.
Garnish with extra cheese and rosemary sprigs.
Pour the warm water into the pan of a bread machine, sprinkle in the salt, and add the flour to the pan so the flour sits on top of the water.
Make a hole in the top of the flour, and spoon the yeast into the hole.
Let the mixture sit for 20 minutes to moisten the flour.
Set the bread machine to the knead setting, and knead the dough for about 10 minutes.
Turn the dough out onto a floured surface, and knead in 1/4 cup more flour or as needed, adding the flour about 2 tablespoons at a time, to make a wet, sticky, but elastic dough.
The dough should be "as soft as a baby's bottom."
Form the dough into a round shape.
Wipe the inside of a large bowl with olive oil, and place the round ball of dough into the bowl.
Turn the dough over a couple of times so the dough picks up a thin coating of oil.
Cover with a cloth, and refrigerate the dough for 10 hours or overnight.
The next day, allow the dough to come to room temperature before rolling out on a floured surface and adding toppings as desired.
Roll the dough out thin with a thicker edge before adding toppings.
Place a pizza stone into oven, dust it with a little flour, and preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C).
Bake the pizza on the stone in the preheated oven until the bottom of the crust is browned, 6 to 8 minutes.
Stir balsamic vinegar and honey together in a small saucepan and place over high heat.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer until the vinegar mixture has reduced to 1/3 cup, about 10 minutes.
Set the balsamic reduction aside to cool.
Arrange alternate slices of tomato and mozzarella cheese decoratively on a serving platter.
Sprinkle with salt and black pepper, spread fresh basil leaves over the salad, and drizzle with olive oil and the balsamic reduction.
In a food processor or blender, combine the olive oil, vinegar, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, anchovy paste, mustard, garlic, sour cream and Parmesan cheese.
Process until smooth.
Pour into a glass container, seal, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add fettuccini and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Fry bacon in skillet over medium heat until crispy, remove and drain on paper towel.
Chop with knife into bits.
Beat the eggs, cheese and cream in a bowl, then add the bacon.
Pour over the pasta in the pan and toss gently using tongs.
Return the pan to a very low heat and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until slightly thickened.
Don't overheat or the eggs will scramble.
Season well with black pepper and serve.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place the mushroom on a baking sheet, and bake for 5 minutes in the preheated oven.
Remove from the oven, and spread spaghetti sauce in the cup of the cap.
Top with cheese, olives, pepperoni and garlic.
Bake for an additional 20 minutes, or until cheese is melted and golden.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking dish.
Place the chicken in the prepared baking dish, and coat with the garlic.
Bake 25 minutes, or until chicken juices run clear.
Cool and chop.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Place the rigatoni in the pot, cook 10 minutes, until al dente, and drain.
Place bacon in a skillet.
Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown.
Drain, crumble, and set aside.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat, and saute the zucchini and yellow squash until tender and lightly browned.
In a small bowl, mix the Alfredo sauce and milk.
Serve chicken over the cooked pasta.
Pour Alfredo sauce over the chicken.
Top with zucchini and squash.
Sprinkle with sun-dried tomatoes, bacon, Parmesan cheese, and almonds.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease a medium baking sheet.
In a medium saucepan, bring milk and margarine to boil over medium high heat.
Stir in flour and reduce heat to low.
Vigorously stir until thick enough to form into a ball.
Remove from heat.
Beat eggs into the mixture until smooth.
Stir in Parmesan cheese.
Drop the dough by rounded teaspoonfuls onto the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven 15 minutes, or until puffed and golden brown.
Serve warm with warmed marinara sauce for dipping.
Lightly flour chicken breasts, shaking off excess flour.
In a large skillet over low heat, melt butter/margarine.
Add chicken and saute until lightly browned, about 2 minutes each side.
Remove with slotted spatula and set aside.
Increase heat to medium low.
Add mushrooms and saute until juices are rendered, about 4 minutes.
Add wine and simmer until reduced by 1/4, about 3 to 4 minutes.
Increase heat to medium high.
Add stock, parsley and pepper and simmer until sauce reduced to 1 cup, about 10 minutes.
Reduce heat to low.
Top each chicken breast with a slice of prosciutto and a slice of fontina cheese.
Return chicken to skillet and cook just until cheese melts.
Transfer chicken to individual plates and top each with some of the mushroom sauce before serving.
Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water until done.
Drain.
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a frying pan over medium low heat.
Add pesto, onion, and salt and pepper.
Cook about five minutes, or until onions are soft.
In a large bowl, mix pesto mixture into pasta.
Stir in grated cheese.
Serve.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat.
Season the pork chops with salt and black pepper and arrange in the bottom of a disposable aluminum pan; top each with a tomato slice.
Divide the basil, oregano, and garlic between the pork chops; drizzle with the olive oil.
Cover the pan with aluminum foil.
Cook on the preheated grill until the pork is no longer pink in the center, about 25 minutes.
An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).
Remove the pan from the grill; top each pork chop with a slice of mozzarella cheese, replace the aluminum foil over the pan, and wait until the cheese melts, 3 to 5 minutes, before serving.
Mix together olive oil, balsamic vinegar, oregano, salt and pepper.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a pan of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the pasta, and cook until tender, about 8 minutes.
Crumble ground beef into a skillet over medium-high heat.
Cook, stirring constantly until evenly browned.
Drain excess grease, and stir in the tomato sauce, sour cream and thyme.
Place the cooked pasta into the bottom of a 2 quart casserole dish.
Pour the ground beef mixture over the pasta.
Cover with a layer of spinach.
Top with shredded cheese.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until heated through and lightly browned on the top.
In a large skillet over medium heat, warm oil and saute ground beef with the onion, sage and rosemary; cook until meat is evenly browned and crumbly.
Drain fat.
Add salt and 1/2 cup white wine; cook until wine is evaporated.
Set mixture aside.
To make the Bechamel sauce: Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Add flour and stir until well incorporated.
Stir in milk and bring to a slow boil until mixture thickens.
Remove sauce from the heat.
In a steady stream, pour the bechamel in to the beaten egg yolks, whisking constantly.
Stir the sauce into the meat mixture.
Stir in the cubed mozzarella.
In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter and saute onion until soft and translucent.
Add 1/2 cup white wine and let it cook down to evaporate; add stewed tomatoes and salt.
Mix well; simmer for 15 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta, a few at a time, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; using a slotted spoon, remove immediately to a pot filled with cold water.
Lift pasta out with slotted spoon and arrange on a flat surface.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Spoon a line of filling into each shell, starting from one end and using your finger to push the filling inside of each shell.
Place cannelloni in prepared baking dish and cover with tomato sauce mixture.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 minutes or until heated through; when finished baking, allow to stand for 5 minutes and serve.
In a medium saucepan combine whipping cream and butter.
Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring frequently until butter melts.
Gradually stir in grated Parmesan cheese, grated mozzarella cheese, grated provolone cheese, and grated Romano cheese.
Reduce heat to low, and continue to stir just until all cheese is melted.
Serve immediately, sauce will thicken upon standing.
Melt butter in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir onion, celery, carrot, and garlic until softened, 5 to 10 minutes.
Stir flour into vegetable mixture; cook and stir until vegetables are evenly coated and flour is fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes.
Pour chicken broth, half-and-half, and milk over vegetable mixture; cook and stir until mixture thickens and comes to a boil, about 5 minutes.
Reduce heat and stir gnocchi, chicken, and spinach into broth mixture; season with rosemary, salt, black pepper, and nutmeg.
Cook soup over low heat until gnocchi become tender, 8 to 10 minutes.
Place chicken in a slow cooker; stir in spaghetti sauce, tomato paste, mushrooms, onion, bell pepper, garlic, oregano, basil, black pepper, and red pepper flakes.
Cover.
Cook on Low until chicken is tender, 6 to 8 hours.
In a bottle with a lid, mix the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, basil, oregano, thyme, kosher salt, and pepper.
Seal bottle, and refrigerate mixture 8 hours, or overnight.
Shake well before serving.
Store in the refrigerator.
Using a spice or coffee grinder, grind together red and black peppers, dried herbs, garlic powder, minced garlic, and salt.
Sprinkle 2 teaspoons of herb mixture onto a small plate.
Pour a thin layer of olive oil on top, and serve.
Store remaining mixture in an air-tight container.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Saute onion and garlic in the oil until they start to become tender.
Add the mushrooms, and fry until they begin to shrink, about 3 to 4 minutes.
Toss in the spinach, and fry, stirring constantly for a few minutes, or until spinach is wilted.
Add the vinegar, stirring constantly until it is absorbed, then stir in the white wine.
Reduce heat to low, and simmer until the wine has almost completely absorbed.
Season with salt and pepper to taste, and sprinkle with fresh parsley.
Serve hot.
In a small bowl, combine the ground black pepper, parsley, Italian-style seasoning, garlic powder, crushed red pepper flakes, anise, paprika, minced onion flakes and salt; mix well.
Place pork in a separate large bowl and add the spice mix to it.
Mix this thoroughly with your hands.
In a large skillet over medium high heat, saute the seasoned pork for 10 minutes, or until well browned and crumbly.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the pasta and cook for 4 minutes, or until almost tender.
Drain.
Melt the butter in  a saucepan over medium heat.
Add the onion; cook and stir until tender.
Stir in the flour until blended, then gradually stir in the milk so that no lumps form.
Season with salt, pepper, poultry seasoning and mustard.
Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until the mixture thickens.
Remove from the heat and add 2/3 cup cheese and pimento, stirring until cheese melts.
Add undrained mushrooms to cheese sauce.
Place a layer of pasta in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Cover with a layer of turkey, and then a layer of cheese sauce.
Repeat the layers.
Sprinkle remaining 1/3 cup cheese over top.
Bake for about 25 minutes in the preheated oven, until sauce is bubbly and cheese on top is toasted.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat.
Add the farfalle pasta, and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes; drain.
Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Stir in the Italian sausage until crumbly and no longer pink, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the garlic, and continue cooking until the sausage begins to brown, about 5 minutes more.
Pour off the excess grease, then pour in the chicken broth and red pepper flakes.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then add the broccoli rabe, and cover.
Cook until the broccoli rabe is tender, about 4 minutes.
When the broccoli rabe is done, stir in the butter, Parmesan cheese, salt, and pepper until the meat sauce has thickened.
Toss with the farfalle and serve.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir onion and garlic in hot oil for 1 minute.
Add chicken; cook and stir until chicken is no longer pink, 5 to 10 minutes.
Stir chicken broth, artichoke hearts with juice, sun-dried tomatoes, olives, salt, oregano, basil, and black pepper into chicken mixture; cover skillet and simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 10 more minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook angel hair in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until cooked through but firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes.
Drain and transfer pasta to a platter; spoon chicken mixture over pasta.
Sprinkle with feta cheese.
In a large resealable plastic bag, marinate chicken with vinegar, olive oil, and garlic for at least 30 minutes.
Saute in a little olive oil until done.
Set aside.
Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water until al dente.
Drain, and set aside.
Meanwhile, melt butter or margarine in a small saucepan over medium-high heat.
Add heavy cream, salt, nutmeg, and ground black pepper, and stir until sauce thickens.
Reduce heat to low.
Add grated Parmesan cheese, and stir until the cheese melts.
Set Alfredo sauce aside.
In a large bowl, mix together ricotta cheese, egg, oregano, marjoram, and basil.
Mix in cooked chicken.
Stuff cooked manicotti shells with chicken and ricotta mixture.
Cover the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish with half of the Alfredo sauce.
Place stuffed shells on top of sauce.
Pour remaining sauce over shells.
Top with one cup shredded mozzarella cheese.
Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake at 350 degree F (175 degree C) oven for 45 minutes.
Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
Removed casing from sausage links and cut into 1/2 inch slices.
In a large skillet, brown sausage over medium heat for about 10 minutes; remove and set aside.
In a large skillet, heat ground beef, olive oil, garlic and onion over medium heat until meat is nicely browned; drain.
Pour in tomatoes and tomato sauce; mix in salt, ground black pepper, basil, oregano, bay leaf and cooked sausage.
Simmer uncovered for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Mix cooked sauce with hot pasta and remove bay leaf from sauce before serving.
Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a blender or with an electric mixer, blend tomato sauce and cottage cheese together until smooth.
Spoon a little of the sauce mixture in the bottom of a 9x13 baking dish.
Place a layer of cooked noodles over the sauce, and sprinkle a portion of the mozzarella, the cheddar and the parmesan over the noodles.
Repeat layering of sauce, noodles and cheese; finish with a cheese layer.
Bake in preheated oven 30 to 45 minutes, until cheese is bubbly and golden.
Cook and stir Italian sausage in a large skillet over medium-high heat until the meat is browned, breaking it into crumbles as it cooks, about 10 minutes.
Drain excess grease.
Stir onion and garlic into sausage and cook until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a boil.
Stir in campanelle and return to a boil.
Cook pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until cooked through but still firm to the bite, about 10 minutes; drain.
Stir pumpkin puree, chicken broth, half-and-half, sour cream, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt, and black pepper into the sausage mixture and cook, stirring often, until sauce is creamy and thick, about 5 minutes.
Transfer cooked campanelle pasta to a large pot and pour sausage and pumpkin mixture over pasta.
Place over medium-high heat and gently stir until pasta mixture is heated through, 4 to 5 minutes.
Serve topped with Parmesan cheese and Italian seasoning.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil; cook the rotini at a boil until tender yet firm to the bite, about 8 minutes; drain.
Mix pesto, olive oil, salt, granulated garlic, and black pepper in a bowl; add rotini.
Toss to coat.
Fold in tomatoes, mozzarella, and fresh basil.
In a large bowl, toss together the lettuce, tomatoes and onion.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the olive oil, white wine vinegar, parsley, garlic, basil, red pepper flakes and oregano.
Pour over the salad, and toss to coat evenly.
Refrigerate for about 1 hour.
Spread the submarine rolls open, and layer the Capacola, salami, prosciutto, and provolone cheese evenly on each roll.
Top with some of the salad, and as many pickle slices as desired.
Close the rolls and serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add noodles and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a medium bowl, combine chicken soup, mushroom soup, onion, Parmesan cheese, sour cream, mayonnaise and garlic salt.
In a 9x13 inch baking dish, layer 1/3 of the noodles, soup mixture, chicken and cheese; repeat 3 times, ending with cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour.
In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, cheese, parsley, pepper, and 1 teaspoon salt.
Cover and refrigerate.
Pour water and 1 teaspoon salt into a large saucepan and bring to a boil.
Stir in rice and reduce heat to low.
Cook rice until water is almost absorbed, stirring frequently.
Remove from heat and slowly pour in egg mixture, stirring rapidly to prevent egg from scrambling.
Allow rice mixture to cool for 1 hour.
Pour bread crumbs into a pile on one end of a cutting board.
Dampen hands and roll rice mixture into 1 inch balls, then coat each one with bread crumbs.
In a small, deep skillet, heat olive oil to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
(Should have enough oil to completely cover rice balls.)
Fry rice balls 6 at a time, turning as needed to ensure even browning.
Drain on paper towels and serve warm.
Chop tomatoes in half, then slice finely; arrange on four plates.
Trickle a tablespoon of olive oil over each serving, and sprinkle with black pepper.
Lay slices of cheese over tomatoes, and strips of basil over cheese.
Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes before serving.
Select the Saute function on an electric pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)).
Add butter and olive oil; stir until butter melts, about 2 minutes.
Add mushrooms; cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 3 minutes.
Stir in onion; cook for 2 minutes.
Add rosemary sprig; cook for 1 minute.
Stir rice into the pot until each grain is coated with butter-olive oil mixture, about 2 minutes.
Pour in wine; simmer for 3 minutes.
Pour in chicken stock, stirring to scrape the sides of the pot.
Simmer for 1 minute.
Close and lock the lid.
Turn the venting knob to sealing.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 6 minutes.
Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Tap venting knob a few times with a wooden spoon or spatula.
Stand back; turn knob to point at Vent.
Remove lid when pressure is released, about 5 minutes.
Stir risotto until creamy, about 1 minute.
Discard rosemary sprig.
Season with salt and pepper.
Stir in Parmesan cheese until melted and combined.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Brown sausage while breaking it into small pieces, about 5 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium.
Add diced celery and chopped onion.
Cook until onions are translucent, 4 to 5 minutes.
Add dry pasta.
Cook and stir 2 minutes.
Stir in tomato paste until evenly distributed, 2 to 3 minutes.
Add 3 cups broth.
Raise heat to high and bring to a simmer.
Add salt, black pepper, pepper flakes, and oregano.
When soup comes to a boil, reduce heat to medium and let it simmer about 5 minutes, stirring often.
Check soup consistency and add more broth, if needed.
Place chopped chard in a bowl.
Cover with cold water and rinse the leaves; any grit will fall to the bottom of the bowl.
Transfer chard to colander to drain briefly; add to soup.
Cook and stir until leaves wilt, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in white beans; continue cooking and stirring until pasta is perfectly cooked, another 4 or 5 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in grated cheese.
Serve topped with grated cheese, if desired.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease cookie sheets.
In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth.
Mix in the egg and vanilla.
Combine the flour and baking powder; stir into the creamed mixture until blended.
Divide dough into walnut sized portions.
Roll each piece into a rope and then shape into a loop.
Place cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, until firm and golden at the edges.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Cook chicken until no longer pink, and juices run clear.
Set aside to cool, then slice into bite-size pieces.
In a medium bowl, combine remaining olive oil, pesto, basil, garlic, sun-dried tomatoes, feta and ricotta.
Mix until smooth.
In the large skillet, toss fettuccini with sauce and chicken.
Cook on low heat 5 minutes, or until heated through.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain.
Place whole sausages and 1/3 cup water in a skillet over medium-high heat.
Cover, and cook 5 to 8 minutes.
Drain and thinly slice.
Return sausage to skillet.
Stir in garlic, onions, peppers, and Marsala wine.
Cook over medium-high heat, stirring frequently, until sausage is cooked through.
Stir in diced tomatoes, black pepper, and oregano.
Cook about 2 minutes more, then remove from heat.
Serve over cooked pasta.
In a large saucepan over medium heat saute chopped onion and garlic in the oil.
Break up sausage into small pieces and brown.
Add tomato sauce, ground black pepper, dried oregano, dried basil, chopped tomatoes, salt, sugar and cayenne pepper; stir well.
Let simmer uncovered 15 to 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (170 degrees C).
Combine dry ingredients in a medium sized mixing bowl.
Whisk together eggs, egg whites, and vanilla or almond extract in a separate mixing bowl.
Add egg mixture  to dry ingredients, mixing just until moist, using an electric mixer on medium speed.
Add dried cranberries and almonds; mix thoroughly.
On floured surface, divide batter in half and pat each half into a log approximately 14 inches long and 1 1/2 inches thick.
Place on a cookie sheet and bake 30 minutes or until firm.
Cool on a wire rack about 10 minutes, or until cool enough to handle.
Cut biscotti on the diagonal into 1/2-inch slices.
Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Place cut biscotti upright on a cookie sheet, spacing them about an inch apart, and bake for an additional 20 minutes.
Let cool and store in a loosely covered container.
In a mixing bowl combine cornmeal, cold water and salt.
Grease a loaf pan.
Bring the remaining 3 cups of water to a rolling boil and stir in the cornmeal mixture.
Bring the mixture back to a boil while stirring constantly.
Reduce heat to a simmer and stir in the cheese.
Let the mixture simmer for 20 to 30 minutes; stirring frequently.
Allow the polenta to simmer until it becomes very thick.
Spread the mixture into the loaf pan and refrigerate at least 4 hours before serving.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a plastic bag, combine the flour, bread crumbs and Italian seasoning.
Shake to mix.
In a shallow bowl, whisk together the eggs and water.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
There should be enough oil to thinly coat the bottom of the skillet.
Dip the eggplant slices in egg, then place in the bag and shake to coat.
Fry the slices in the skillet until golden brown on each side.
Remove, and drain on paper towels.
Spread a thin layer of spaghetti sauce in the bottom of a 9 inch square baking dish.
Cover with the eggplant slices, then top with more sauce.
Mix together the ricotta cheese and Parmesan cheese; spread over the eggplant.
Spread sauce over the cheese, and top with tomato slices.
Cover with more sauce, and spread remaining cheese over the top.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until cheese is melted and sauce is bubbling.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add the pasta, and cook for about 3 minutes, or until tender.
Drain.
Serve the eggplant tomato bake over pasta.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch baking pan.
Pour water into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook.
Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt, and add to the water.
Mix on medium speed until dough forms a ball.
(Or, stir together water, flour, baking powder, and salt in large mixing bowl.
Turn dough out onto floured surface and knead until it forms a ball.)
Plop dough into greased baking pan.
Using oiled fingers, spread dough to 1/2-inch thickness.
Dough will be sticky and elastic.
It does not have to be perfectly even, but make sure there are no holes.
Rub the top and sides of dough with olive oil.
Season with cayenne, garlic salt, and basil.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes.
Remove from oven; sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and return to oven.
Bake until just golden, or about 5 minutes.
Bring water to boil in a small saucepan.
Pour in quinoa, raisins, and a pinch of salt.
Cover, and let simmer for 12 to 15 minutes, then remove from heat, and allow to cool to room temperature.
Toss together the tomatoes, onion, radish, cucumber, and almonds in a large bowl.
Stir in the cooled quinoa, then season with mint, parsley, cumin, lime juice, sesame oil, and salt.
Chill 1 to 2 hours before serving.
Combine pineapple, banana, cream of coconut, rolled oats, quick-cooking oats, baking powder, mint, chia seeds, and poppy seeds in a blender; blend until smooth.
Pour into 2 mugs.
Microwave at the highest setting until mug cakes have set and risen well, about 3 minutes.
Allow to cool a few minutes before serving.
Preheat a large, heavy skillet over medium-high heat.
Add 2 tablespoons oil.
Break tofu apart over skillet into bite-size pieces, sprinkle with salt and pepper, then cook, stirring frequently with a thin metal spatula, until liquid cooks out and tofu browns, about 10 minutes.
(If you notice liquid collecting in pan, increase heat to evaporate water.)
Be sure to get under the tofu when you stir, scraping the bottom of the pan where the good, crispy stuff is and keeping it from sticking.
Add onion and garlic powders, turmeric, juice, and remaining tablespoon oil and toss to coat.
Cook 5 minutes more.
Preheat a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat.
Add oil.
Cook onion and jalapenos with a pinch of salt, stirring, until translucent, about 5 minutes, Add garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Add tomatoes, cumin, and remaining salt, and cook, stirring, until tomatoes become saucy, about 5 minutes.
Add cilantro and lemon juice.
Let cilantro wilt in.
Add beans and heat through, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes.
Taste for salt and seasoning.
Spoon some hash browns into each bowl, followed by a scoop of beans and a scoop of scramble.
Top with avocado, a squeeze of fresh lemon juice, and a sprinkle of cilantro.
Serve with hot sauce.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over low heat and cook garlic until softened, about 10 minutes.
Add zucchini and zucchini blossoms; mix well with olive oil.
Add chickpeas and stir to combine.
Season with salt and stir in basil.
Serve immediately.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Whisk sesame oil, soy sauce, maple syrup, miso, liquid smoke, paprika, and black pepper together in a shallow bowl.
Stack 2 pieces of rice paper and soak them in a bowl of cold water until slightly soft and pliable, about 30 seconds.
Cut the hydrated rice paper into strips using a pizza cutter.
Dip each strip in the soy mixture and place on a sheet of parchment paper.
Carefully lay the parchment paper directly on the oven rack.
Bake in the preheated oven until strips are dry, 6 to 8 minutes.
Whisk rice flour, water, coconut milk, sugar, tapioca starch, yeast, vanilla extract, and salt together in a bowl until smooth.
Cover with a lid.
Let batter rest until air bubbles rise to the surface, about 2 hours.
Stir well.
Grease cake molds with oil.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer.
Place cake molds on top and pour batter into each, leaving 1 3/4 inches of space at the top for rising.
Bring water to a boil.
Cover and steam until a toothpick inserted into a cake comes out clean, about 10 minutes.
Bring 1 1/4 cup vegetable broth and water to a boil in a saucepan, stir in couscous, and mix in salt and black pepper.
Reduce heat to low and simmer until liquid is absorbed, about 8 minutes.
Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat; stir in pine nuts and cook, stirring frequently, until pine nuts smell toasted and are golden brown, about 1 minute.
Remove from heat.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a saucepan; cook and stir garlic and shallot in the hot oil until softened, about 2 minutes.
Stir black olives and sun-dried tomatoes into garlic mixture and cook until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes, stirring often.
Slowly pour in 1 cup vegetable broth and bring mixture to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer until sauce has reduced, 8 to 10 minutes.
Transfer couscous to a large serving bowl, mix with sauce, and serve topped with parsley and pine nuts.
Heat olive oil in a pot over low heat and cook onion until soft and translucent.
Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Increase heat to medium, add all tomatoes, and cook until they start to break down, about 5 minutes.
Stir occasionally.
Add vegetable broth, bay leaves, and 1 sprig of basil.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until tomatoes have broken down and soup starts to thicken, about 30 minutes.
Remove soup from heat and cool slightly.
Remove bay leaves and basil.
Puree tomato soup with an immersion blender until smooth.
Reheat soup before serving and garnish with basil leaves.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray a 9-inch springform pan with cooking spray.
Stir together graham crackers and brown sugar in a small bowl, then drizzle with oil and stir.
Add just enough milk to make crumbs stick together.
Press very firmly into bottom of pan.
Bake 10 minutes.
Keep oven at 350 degrees F.
Meanwhile, blend cheesecake-batter ingredients in a blender until completely smooth and no bits of cashew remain, giving blender a rest every minute or so and scraping down sides with a rubber spatula.
Batter should be completely smooth and not grainy: This takes about 1 minute with a high-powered blender (such as Vitamix) or about 5 minutes with a standard blender.
Spray inside springform pan (above baked crust) with cooking spray.
Pour in batter and jiggle to spread evenly over crust.
Bake until top is lightly puffed and edges are golden, 45 to 50 minutes.
Cool to room temperature on a rack, about 1 hour.
Chill, covered, at least 3 hours or, even better, overnight.
Slice cake with a thin, sharp knife dipped in water.
Dollop each slice with whipped topping, dust with cinnamon, and sprinkle with candied ginger.
In a medium bowl, mash together the avocados, lime juice, and salt.
Mix in onion, cilantro, tomatoes, and garlic.
Stir in cayenne pepper.
Refrigerate 1 hour for best flavor, or serve immediately.
Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir onion and garlic until lightly browned, about 10 minutes.
Mix quinoa into onion mixture and cover with vegetable broth; season with cumin, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper.
Bring the mixture to a boil.
Cover, reduce heat, and simmer until quinoa is tender and broth is absorbed, about 20 minutes.
Stir frozen corn into the saucepan, and continue to simmer until heated through, about 5 minutes; mix in the black beans and cilantro.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).
Place trimmed Brussels sprouts, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper in a large resealable plastic bag.
Seal tightly, and shake to coat.
Pour onto a baking sheet, and place on center oven rack.
Roast in the preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes, shaking pan every 5 to 7 minutes for even browning.
Reduce heat when necessary to prevent burning.
Brussels sprouts should be darkest brown, almost black, when done.
Adjust seasoning with kosher salt, if necessary.
Serve immediately.
In a large soup pot, heat oil over medium heat.
Add onions, carrots, and celery; cook and stir until onion is tender.
Stir in garlic, bay leaf, oregano, and basil; cook for 2 minutes.
Stir in lentils, and add water and tomatoes.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, and simmer for at least 1 hour.
When ready to serve stir in spinach, and cook until it wilts.
Stir in vinegar, and season to taste with salt and pepper, and more vinegar if desired.
In a medium sized saucepan over medium heat, dissolve the sugar in the orange juice.
Stir in the cranberries and cook until the cranberries start to pop (about 10 minutes).
Remove from heat and place sauce in a bowl.
Cranberry sauce will thicken as it cools.
Place the onion, rinsed beans, jalapeno, garlic, salt, pepper, and cumin into a slow cooker.
Pour in the water and stir to combine.
Cook on High for 8 hours, adding more water as needed.
Note: if more than 1 cup of water has evaporated during cooking, then the temperature is too high.
Once the beans have cooked, strain them, and reserve the liquid.
Mash the beans with a potato masher, adding the reserved water as needed to attain desired consistency.
Place the garbanzo beans, tahini, lemon juice, salt and garlic in a blender or food processor.
Blend until smooth.
Transfer mixture to a serving bowl.
Drizzle olive oil over the garbanzo bean mixture.
Sprinkle with paprika and parsley.
Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Stir in the onion, and season with bay leaves, cumin, oregano, and salt.
Cook and stir until onion is tender, then mix in the celery, green bell peppers, jalapeno peppers, garlic, and green chile peppers.
When vegetables are heated through, mix in the vegetarian burger crumbles.
Reduce heat to low, cover pot, and simmer 5 minutes.
Mix the tomatoes into the pot.
Season chili with chili powder and pepper.
Stir in the kidney beans, garbanzo beans, and black beans.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 45 minutes.
Stir in the corn, and continue cooking 5 minutes before serving.
Heat oil in a deep skillet over medium heat.
Saute rice, onion, and bell pepper until rice is browned and onions are tender.
Stir in water and tomatoes.
Season with chili powder and salt.
Cover, and simmer for 30 minutes, or until rice is cooked and liquid is absorbed.
Place lime juice, olive oil, garlic, salt, and cayenne pepper in a small jar.
Cover with lid, and shake until ingredients are well mixed.
In a salad bowl, combine beans, corn, avocado, bell pepper, tomatoes, green onions, and cilantro.
Shake lime dressing, and pour it over the salad.
Stir salad to coat vegetables and beans with dressing, and serve.
In a medium bowl, combine black-eyed peas, black beans, corn, onion, green bell pepper, jalapeno peppers and tomatoes.
Season with Italian-style salad dressing and garlic salt; mix well.
Cover, and refrigerate overnight to blend flavors.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a large bowl, toss broccoli florets with the extra virgin olive oil, sea salt, pepper and garlic.
Spread the broccoli out in an even layer on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until florets are tender enough to pierce the stems with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes.
Remove and transfer to a serving platter.
Squeeze lemon juice liberally over the broccoli before serving for a refreshing, tangy finish.
In large saucepan, heat oil over medium heat; cook onion, garlic, and carrots, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes or until onion is softened.
Add chili powder and cumin; cook, stirring, for 1 minute.
Add stock, 1 can of the beans, corn, and pepper; bring to boil.
Meanwhile, in food processor or blender, puree together tomatoes and remaining can of beans; add to pot.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes or until carrots are tender.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, mash the bananas.
Stir in oats, dates, oil, and vanilla.
Mix well, and allow to sit for 15 minutes.
Drop by teaspoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until lightly brown.
Bring quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes.
Set aside to cool.
Whisk olive oil, lime juice, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, and red pepper flakes together in a bowl.
Combine quinoa, tomatoes, black beans, and green onions together in a bowl.
Pour dressing over quinoa mixture; toss to coat.
Stir in cilantro; season with salt and black pepper.
Serve immediately or chill in refrigerator.
In a blender, combine soy milk, oats, banana and strawberries.
Add vanilla and sugar if desired.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into glasses and serve.
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C).
Combine the margarine, salt, garlic salt, Worcestershire sauce and pumpkin seeds.
Mix thoroughly and place in shallow baking dish.
Bake for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
Place the tomatoes, onion, garlic, lime juice, salt, green chiles, and cilantro in a blender or food processor.
Blend on low to desired consistency.
In a blender, chop the garlic.
Pour garbanzo beans into the blender, reserving about a tablespoon for garnish.
Add reserved liquid, lemon juice, tahini, and salt to the blender.
Blend until creamy and well mixed.
Transfer the mixture to a medium serving bowl.
Sprinkle with pepper and pour olive oil over the top.
Garnish with reserved garbanzo beans.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt.
Pour in water, vegetable oil and vanilla; mix until well blended.
Spread evenly in a 9x13 inch baking pan.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until the top is no longer shiny.
Let cool for at least 10 minutes before cutting into squares.
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water.
Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until just tender, about 15 minutes.
Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two.
Meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the onion and garlic; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Season with cumin, cayenne pepper, curry powder, garam masala, ginger, and salt; cook for 2 minutes more.
Add the tomatoes, garbanzo beans, peas, and potatoes.
Pour in the coconut milk, and bring to a simmer.
Simmer 5 to 10 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a medium baking pan, toss together the zucchini, potatoes, red bell pepper, garlic, bread crumbs, and olive oil.
Season with paprika, salt, and pepper.
Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender and lightly brown.
Peel and mash avocados in a medium serving bowl.
Stir in onion, garlic, tomato, lime juice, salt and pepper.
Season with remaining lime juice and salt and pepper to taste.
Chill for half an hour to blend flavors.
In a saucepan bring water to a boil.
Add quinoa and a pinch of salt.
Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 15 minutes.
Allow to cool to room temperature; fluff with a fork.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine olive oil, sea salt, lemon juice, tomatoes, cucumber, green onions, carrots and parsley.
Stir in cooled quinoa.
In a slow cooker, combine black bean soup, kidney beans, garbanzo beans, baked beans, tomatoes, corn, onion, bell pepper and celery.
Season with garlic, chili powder, parsley, oregano and basil.
Cook for at least two hours on High.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat.
Saute onion, celery, carrots and garlic for 5 minutes.
Season with chili powder, cumin, and black pepper; cook for 1 minute.
Stir in vegetable broth, 2 cans of beans, and corn.
Bring to a boil.
Meanwhile, in a food processor or blender, process remaining 2 cans beans and tomatoes until smooth.
Stir into boiling soup mixture, reduce heat to medium, and simmer for 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease one 9x5 inch loaf pan.
Sift together the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda and salt.
Add the oil, vanilla, vinegar and water.
Mix together until smooth.
Pour into prepared pan and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 45 minutes.
Remove from oven and allow to cool.
Add ingredients to bread machine pan in order recommended by your manufacturer.
Use regular light setting.
Preheat grill for high heat.
Lightly coat the asparagus spears with olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Grill over high heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or to desired tenderness.
Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into a large bowl.
Whisk the water and oil together in a small bowl.
Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients, and pour in the wet.
Stir just until blended; mixture will be lumpy.
Heat a lightly oiled griddle over medium-high heat.
Drop batter by large spoonfuls onto the griddle, and cook until bubbles form and the edges are dry.
Flip, and cook until browned on the other side.
Repeat with remaining batter.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Cook the carrots and onion in the hot oil about 5 minutes.
Stir in the salt, pepper, cumin, turmeric, and cabbage and cook another 15 to 20 minutes.
Add the potatoes; cover.
Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until potatoes are soft, 20 to 30 minutes.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the rice vinegar, oil, peanut butter, soy sauce, brown sugar, ginger, and garlic.
In a large bowl, mix the green cabbage, red cabbage, napa cabbage, red bell peppers, carrots, green onions, and cilantro.
Toss with the peanut butter mixture just before serving.
Combine rice and water in a medium saucepan.
Bring to a boil over high heat.
Reduce heat to low, cover with lid, and allow to steam until tender, about 20 minutes.
While rice is cooking, grind peanuts in a blender and set aside.
Heat the margarine in a skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned golden brown about 10 minutes.
Stir in ginger, carrots, and salt to taste.
Reduce heat to low and cover to steam 5 minutes.
Stir in cayenne pepper and peanuts.
When rice is done, add it to skillet and stir gently to combine with other ingredients.
Garnish with chopped cilantro.
In a medium bowl, stir together tomatoes, onion, chili peppers, cilantro, salt, and lime juice.
Chill for one hour in the refrigerator before serving.
In an electric blender or food processor, puree the chickpeas, red peppers, lemon juice, tahini, garlic, cumin, cayenne, and salt.
Process, using long pulses, until the mixture is fairly smooth, and slightly fluffy.
Make sure to scrape the mixture off the sides of the food processor or blender in between pulses.
Transfer to a serving bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
(The hummus can be made up to 3 days ahead and refrigerated.
Return to room temperature before serving.)
Sprinkle the hummus with the chopped parsley before serving.
Mince garlic in the bowl of a food processor.
Add black beans, 2 tablespoons reserved liquid, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, tahini,  1/2 teaspoon cumin, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper; process until smooth, scraping down the sides as needed.
Add additional seasoning and liquid to taste.
Garnish with paprika and Greek olives.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a bowl, toss the beets with 1/2 tablespoon olive oil to coat.
Spread in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and sugar in a large resealable plastic bag.
Place the sweet potatoes and onion in the bag.
Seal bag, and shake to coat vegetables with the oil mixture.
Bake beets 15 minutes in the preheated oven.
Mix sweet potato mixture with the beets on the baking sheet.
Continue baking 45 minutes, stirring after 20 minutes, until all vegetables are tender.
In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine water, 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar, salt and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil.
Bring to a boil and remove from heat.
Stir in flour until mixture forms a ball.
Heat oil for frying in deep-fryer or deep skillet to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Pipe strips of dough into hot oil using a pastry bag.
Fry until golden; drain on paper towels.
Combine 1/2 cup sugar and cinnamon.
Roll drained churros in cinnamon and sugar mixture.
In a small bowl, mix together balsamic vinegar, oil, salt, sugar, black pepper, cumin, and chili powder.
In a medium bowl, stir together black beans and corn.
Toss with vinegar and oil dressing, and garnish with cilantro.
Cover, and refrigerate overnight.
Cut the avocados into halves.
Remove the seeds, and scoop out the pulp into a small bowl.
Use a fork to mash the avocado.
Stir in lemon juice, onion, salt, and olive oil.
Cover the bowl, and refrigerate for 1 hour before serving.
Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat, and fry onions until tender.
Stir in garlic, ginger, cloves, cinnamon, cumin, coriander, salt, cayenne, and turmeric.
Cook for 1 minute over medium heat, stirring constantly.
Mix in garbanzo beans and their liquid.
Continue to cook and stir until all ingredients are well blended and heated through.
Remove from heat.
Stir in cilantro just before serving, reserving 1 tablespoon for garnish.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onions, carrots, and garlic until tender.
Stir in green pepper, red pepper, celery, and chili powder.
Cook until vegetables are tender, about 6 minutes.
Stir in mushrooms, and cook 4 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes, kidney beans, and corn.
Season with cumin, oregano, and basil.
Bring to a boil, and reduce heat to medium.
Cover, and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
In a blender or food processor combine garbanzo beans, garlic, cumin, salt and olive oil.
Blend on low speed, gradually adding reserved bean liquid, until desired consistency is achieved.
In a large bowl, blend cornstarch, garlic, 1 teaspoon ginger, and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil until cornstarch is dissolved.
Mix in broccoli, snow peas, carrots, and green beans, tossing to lightly coat.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat.
Cook vegetables in oil for 2 minutes, stirring constantly to prevent burning.
Stir in soy sauce and water.
Mix in onion, salt, and remaining 1 teaspoon ginger.
Cook until vegetables are tender but still crisp.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking sheet.
In a large bowl, mix olive oil and paprika.
Add potato sticks, and stir by hand to coat.
Place on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake 40 minutes in the preheated oven.
In a large Dutch oven place sweet potato, eggplant, peppers, carrots, onion, and three tablespoons oil.
Saute over medium heat for 5 minutes.
In a medium saucepan place 3 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, turmeric, curry powder, cinnamon, salt and pepper and saute over medium heat for 3 minutes.
Pour garlic and spice mixture into the Dutch oven with vegetables in it.
Add the garbanzo beans, almonds, zucchini, raisins, and orange juice.
Simmer 20 minutes, covered.
Add spinach to pot and cook for 5 more minutes.
Serve!
Heat the olive oil in a large soup pot; cook the onion and garlic until soft.
Stir in the kale and cook until wilted, about 2 minutes.
Stir in the water, vegetable bouillon, tomatoes, potatoes, beans, Italian seasoning, and parsley.
Simmer soup on medium heat for 25 minutes, or until potatoes are cooked through.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Place lentils in a large saucepan; add enough water to cover by 1 inch.
Bring water to a boil and cook until tender, about 10 minutes; drain.
Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add garlic, onion, and carrot; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Pour in lentils, 1 quart water, oregano, rosemary, and bay leaves.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Stir in tomato paste and season with salt and pepper.
Cover and simmer until the lentils have softened, 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add additional water if the soup becomes too thick.
Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil and red wine vinegar to taste.
In large pot saute; the onions, garlic, and ginger in a little olive oil for about 5 minutes.
Add the water, lentils, chick peas, white kidney beans, diced tomatoes, carrots, celery, garam masala, cardamom, cayenne pepper and cumin.
Bring to a boil for a few minutes then simmer for 1 to 1 1/2 hours or longer, until the lentils are soft.
Puree half the soup in a food processor or blender.
Return the pureed soup to the pot, stir and enjoy!
In a bowl, stir together flour, chili powder, red pepper, onion, garlic, sugar, cumin, parsley, salt, basil and pepper.
Store in an airtight container.
Mix together the tomato paste, water, and olive oil.
Mix well.
Add garlic, salt and pepper to taste, oregano, basil, and rosemary.
Mix well and let stand several hours to let flavors blend.
No cooking necessary, just spread on dough.
In a medium bowl, combine tomato, onion, jalapeno pepper (to taste,) cilantro and green onion.
Season with garlic powder, salt and pepper.
Stir until evenly distributed.
Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking sheet.
Place eggplant on baking sheet, and make holes in the skin with a fork.
Roast it for 30 to 40 minutes, turning occasionally, or until soft.
Remove from oven, and place into a large bowl of cold water.
Remove from water, and peel skin off.
Place eggplant, lemon juice, tahini, sesame seeds, and garlic in an electric blender, and puree.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Transfer eggplant mixture to a medium size mixing bowl, and slowly mix in olive oil.
Refrigerate for 3 hours before serving.
In a medium bowl, mix mango, red bell pepper, green onion, cilantro, jalapeno, lime juice, and lemon juice.
Cover, and allow to sit at least 30 minutes before serving.
Wet a paper towel, and wring out.
Wrap the ear of corn in the moist towel, and place on a dinner plate.
Cook in the microwave for 5 minutes.
Carefully remove paper towel, and enjoy!
Heat oil in a large stock pot over medium high heat.
Cook onions and bell peppers until lightly browned and tender, stirring in garlic when almost done to prevent burning.
Stir in tomatoes, vegetable stock, pepper, and chili powder.
Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes.
Stir in rice, cover, and simmer another fifteen minutes or until rice is tender.
Stir in peanut butter until well blended, and serve.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly spray a non-stick baking sheet with oil.
Slice tofu into 1/2-inch slices, and gently press excess water out of tofu.
Cut sliced tofu into 1/2-inch cubes.
In a bowl, stir together the soy sauce, maple syrup, ketchup, vinegar, and hot sauce.
Stir in sesame seeds, garlic powder, black pepper, and liquid smoke.
Gently stir tofu cubes into sauce.
Cover, and marinate at least 5 minutes.
Place the tofu on the baking sheet in a single layer.
Bake in a preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Turn tofu, and bake until the tofu turns golden brown, about 15 minutes more.
Bring the quinoa and water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, and the water has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes; set aside.
Meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Stir in the onion, and cook until the onion softens and turns translucent, about 5 minutes.
Add the garlic, chili powder, and cumin; cook and stir 1 minute to release the flavors.
Stir in the tomatoes, black beans, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, zucchini, jalapeno pepper, chipotle pepper, and oregano.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Bring to a simmer over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer 20 minutes.
After 20 minutes, stir in the reserved quinoa and corn.
Cook to reheat the corn for 5 minutes.
Remove from the heat, and stir in the cilantro to serve.
Clean mushrooms and remove stems, reserve for other use.
Place caps on a plate with the gills up.
In a small bowl, combine the oil, onion, garlic and vinegar.
Pour mixture evenly over the mushroom caps and let stand for 1 hour.
Grill over hot grill for 10 minutes.
Serve immediately.
Heat oil in a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onion and garlic in oil for 5 minutes.
Stir in wine, sugar, basil, red pepper, tomato paste, lemon juice, Italian seasoning, black pepper and tomatoes; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium, and simmer uncovered about 15 minutes.
Stir in parsley.
Ladle over the hot cooked pasta of your choice.
Warm a large skillet or wok over medium heat.
When the skillet is hot, pour in canola and sesame oils, then place whole green beans into the skillet.
Stir the beans to coat with oil.
Cook until the beans are bright green and slightly browned in spots, about 10 minutes.
Remove from heat, and stir in soy sauce; cover, and let sit about 5 minutes.
Transfer to a serving platter, and sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds.
Rinse the rice in a strainer or colander until the water runs clear.
Combine with water in a medium saucepan.
Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for 20 minutes.
Rice should be tender and water should be absorbed.
Cool until cool enough to handle.
In a small saucepan, combine the rice vinegar, oil, sugar and salt.
Cook over medium heat until the sugar dissolves.
Cool, then stir into the cooked rice.
When you pour this in to the rice it will seem very wet.
Keep stirring and the rice will dry as it cools.
Heat oil in a heavy pan over medium heat.
Saute onion for 10 minutes or so, until it begins to turn golden.
Add minced garlic and saute for another minute or so.
Add lentils and water to the saucepan.
Bring mixture to a boil.
Cover, lower heat, and simmer about 35 minutes, until lentils are soft ( this may take less time, depending on your water and the lentils).
Meanwhile cook the spinach in microwave according to package directions.
Add spinach, salt and cumin to the saucepan.
Cover and simmer until all is heated, about ten minutes.
Grind in plenty of pepper and press in extra garlic to taste.
In a large pot over medium high heat, saute the oil, onion, bay leaf and garlic for 5 minutes, or until onions are translucent.
Add the peas, barley, salt and water.
Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low.
Simmer for 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
Add the carrots, celery, potatoes, parsley, basil, thyme and ground black pepper.
Simmer for another hour, or until the peas and vegetables are tender.
Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onion and garlic until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in flour, nutritional yeast, and soy sauce to form a smooth paste.
Gradually whisk in the broth.
Season with sage, salt, and pepper.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, and simmer, stirring constantly, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until thickened.
Heat olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onion, garlic, and bell pepper; cook until tender.
Stir in mashed beans.
Add the cornmeal.
Mix in cumin, paprika, cayenne, chili powder, and salsa.
Cover, and cook 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease two 12 cup muffin pans or line with 18 paper baking cups.
Measure the apple cider vinegar into a 2 cup measuring cup.
Fill with almond milk to make 1 1/2 cups.
Let stand until curdled, about 5 minutes.
In a large bowl, Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the almond milk mixture, coconut oil and vanilla.
Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir just until blended.
Spoon the batter into the prepared cups, dividing evenly.
Bake in the preheated oven until the tops spring back when lightly pressed, 15 to 20 minutes.
Cool in the pan set over a wire rack.
When cool, arrange the cupcakes on a serving platter.
Frost with desired frosting.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a large bowl combine oil, lime juice, chili powder, cumin, salt and garlic.
Stir in pasta and set aside to cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally.
Stir in corn, beans, green pepper, red pepper and 1/2 of the cilantro leaves.
Spoon onto a platter and garnish with tomatoes and remaining cilantro.
Serve chilled or at room temperature.
Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat.
Saute broccoli, red bell pepper, mushrooms and tofu for 5 minutes.
In a small bowl combine peanut butter, hot water, vinegar, soy sauce, molasses and cayenne pepper.
Pour over vegetables and tofu.
Simmer for 3 to 5 minutes, or until vegetables are tender crisp.
Combine the apples and water in a slow cooker; cook on Low for 6 to 8 hours.
Stir in the brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice; continue cooking another 30 minutes.
Combine pumpkin, apple juice, spices, and sugar in a large saucepan; stir well.
Bring mixture to a boil.
Reduce heat, and simmer for 30 minutes or until thickened.
Stir frequently.
Transfer to sterile containers and chill in the refrigerator until serving.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat, and cook the onion, ginger, garlic, and fenugreek until onion is tender.
Mix the lentils, squash, and cilantro into the pot.
Stir in the water, coconut milk, and tomato paste.
Season with curry powder, cayenne pepper, nutmeg, salt, and pepper.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer 30 minutes, or until lentils and squash are tender.
Combine the water, sugar, and cinnamon in a saucepan over medium heat; bring to a boil; add the almonds.
Cook and stir the mixture until the liquid evaporates and leaves a syrup-like coating on the almonds.
Pour the almonds onto a baking sheet lined with waxed paper.
Separate almonds using forks.
Allow to cool about 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Lightly spray a cookie sheet with vegetable cooking spray.
Place the asparagus and mushrooms in a bowl.
Drizzle with the olive oil, then season with rosemary, salt, and pepper; toss well.
Lay the asparagus and mushrooms out on the prepared pan in an even layer.
Roast in the preheated oven until the asparagus is tender, about 15 minutes.
Place the quinoa in a fine mesh strainer, and rinse under cold, running water until the water no longer foams.
Bring the quinoa, salt, and water to a boil in a saucepan.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, 20 to 25 minutes.
Once done, stir in the garbanzo beans, tomatoes, garlic, lime juice, and olive oil.
Season with cumin, salt, and pepper.
Sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley to serve.
In an electric food processor, combine garlic, garbanzo beans, tahini, and lemon juice.
Process until the mixture is smooth.
Add roasted peppers and basil; process until the peppers are finely chopped.
Season with salt and pepper.
Transfer hummus to small bowl, cover and chill until you are ready to serve.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Spread sugar snap peas in a single layer on a medium baking sheet, and brush with olive oil.
Sprinkle with shallots, thyme, and kosher salt.
Bake 6 to 8 minutes in the preheated oven, until tender but firm.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, bring vinegar, salt and sugar to a boil.
Boil until the sugar has dissolved, about 10 minutes.
Place the cucumbers, onions and green bell peppers in a large bowl.
Pour the vinegar mixture over the vegetables.
Transfer to sterile containers and store in the refrigerator.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Place almonds on a cookie sheet, and bake for 10 minutes, or until lightly toasted.
In a food processor, combine toasted almonds, garlic, basil, olive oil, nutmeg, salt and pepper.
Process until a coarse paste is formed.
In a small bowl, whisk together olive oil, white balsamic vinegar, garlic, and mustard powder.
Season to taste with salt and black pepper.
Stir in minced fresh herbs if desired.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Saute onion until tender and translucent.
Stir in the curry powder.
Add the chopped carrots, and stir until the carrots are coated.
Pour in the vegetable broth, and simmer until the carrots are soft, about 20 minutes.
Transfer the carrots and broth to a blender, and puree until smooth.
Pour back into the pot, and thin with water to your preferred consistency.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook corn in boiling water for 7 to 10 minutes, or until desired tenderness.
Drain, cool, and cut kernels off the cob with a sharp knife.
In a large bowl, toss together the corn, tomatoes, onion, basil, oil, vinegar, salt and pepper.
Chill until serving.
In a large bowl, mix together cucumbers, onions, green bell peppers, garlic and salt.
Allow to stand approximately 3 hours.
In a large saucepan, mix the cider vinegar, white sugar, mustard seed, celery seed, whole cloves and turmeric.
Bring to a boil.
Drain liquid from the cucumber mixture.
Stir the mixture into the boiling vinegar mixture.
Remove from heat shortly before the combined mixtures return to boil.
Transfer to sterile containers.
Seal and chill in the refrigerator until serving.
In a large bowl, mix the vinegar, sugar, salt, dill, pepper, and oil.
Add cucumbers, onion, and tomatoes.
Toss, and let stand at least 15 minutes before serving.
In a large, deep skillet, heat oil to 365 degrees F (180 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, combine flour, beer, salt, and pepper.
Mix until smooth.
Dredge onion slices in the batter, until evenly coated.
Deep fry in the hot oil until golden brown.
Drain on paper towels.
Place fresh cranberries and water in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Wrap cloves, allspice berries and cinnamon sticks in a spice bag.
Place in the water with cranberries.
Cook until cranberries begin to burst, about 10 minutes.
Stir in sugar and reduce heat to low.
Continue cooking 5 minutes, or until sugar has dissolved.
Remove from heat and allow to cool.
Discard spice bag.
Chill in the refrigerator 8 hours, or overnight, before serving.
In a large bowl, combine the watermelon, green bell pepper, lime juice, cilantro, green onions, jalapeno and garlic salt.
Mix well and serve.
Heat oven to 425 degrees F.
Toss first 6 ingredients in a shallow medium-sized baking dish.
Cover; bake 30 minutes.
Uncover; bake 20 minutes more.
Sprinkle with almonds
In a medium microwave safe bowl, mix cucumber, salt, onion, mustard seeds, white sugar, distilled white vinegar, celery seed and turmeric.
Microwave on high 7 to 8 minutes, stirring twice, until cucumbers are tender and onion is translucent.
Transfer to sterile containers.
Seal and chill in the refrigerator until serving.
In a large bowl, mix together onion, green bell pepper, green onions, jalapeno peppers, garlic, cherry tomatoes, zesty Italian dressing, black beans, black-eyed peas and coriander.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator approximately 2 hours.
Toss with desired amount of fresh cilantro to serve.
In a large bowl, mix corn, olives, red bell pepper and onion.
In a small bowl, mix garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, cider vinegar, oregano, salt and pepper.
Pour into the corn  mixture and toss to coat.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator 8 hours, or overnight.
Stir avocados into the mixture before serving.
Fill a large bowl with cold water.
Squeeze the juice from one lemon wedge into the water.
Trim the tops from the artichokes, then cut in half lengthwise, and place halves into the bowl of lemon water to prevent them from turning brown.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
Meanwhile, preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat.
Add artichokes to boiling water, and cook for about 15 minutes.
Drain.
Squeeze the remaining lemon wedges into a medium bowl.
Stir in the olive oil and garlic, and season with salt and pepper.
Brush the artichokes with a coating of the garlic dip, and place them on the preheated grill.
Grill the artichokes for 5 to 10 minutes, basting with dip and turning frequently, until the tips are a little charred.
Serve immediately with the remaining dip.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with foil, and coat well with vegetable cooking spray.
Scrub potatoes well and cut into 1/2 inch thick fries.
In a large mixing bowl, toss potatoes with oil, sugar, salt and red pepper.
Spread on baking sheet in one layer.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until potatoes are tender and browned.
Serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Lightly oil a large, shallow baking dish.
Combine vegetables in prepared baking dish, and lightly salt.
Brush with olive oil, and sprinkle with dry soup mix.
Bake for 30 to 45 minutes in the preheated oven, or until vegetables are tender.
You can feel with a fork when they are ready.
Cut cucumbers in half lengthwise and scoop out any large seeds.
Slice crosswise into very thin slices.
In a small bowl combine vinegar, sugar, salt and ginger.
Mix well.
Place cucumbers inside of the bowl, stir so that cucumbers are coated with the mixture.
Refrigerate the bowl of cucumbers for at least 1 hour before serving.
Place shredded apples in a medium saucepan over medium low heat.
Sprinkle with cinnamon, then add water and cook until the apple bits become soft and mushy.
Stir in brown sugar and mix well; if desired, top with ice cream and serve.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, mix together water, distilled white vinegar, white sugar, tomato paste, pineapple tidbits and cornstarch.
Cook, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes, or until mixture reaches desired color and consistency.
Place strawberries in a bowl.
Drizzle vinegar over strawberries, and sprinkle with sugar.
Stir gently to combine.
Cover, and let sit at room temperature for at least  1 hour but not more than 4 hours.
Just before serving, grind pepper over berries.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine cocoa, sugar and water.
Bring to a boil and let boil 1 minute.
Remove from heat and stir in vanilla.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat.
Saute the onion, red bell peppers, jalapeno, mushrooms, tomatoes and corn for 10 minutes or until the onions are translucent.
Season with black pepper, cumin, and chili powder.
Stir in the black beans, chicken or vegetable broth, and salt.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium low.
Remove 1 1/2 cups of the soup to food processor or blender; puree and stir the bean mixture back into the soup.
Serve hot by itself or over rice.
Thinly slice the tomatoes.
Cut the onion in half through root end, then thinly slice into half-circles.
In a large bowl, toss together tomatoes, onion, sugar, vinegar, oil, salt, and pepper.
You may adjust the amounts of vinegar and sugar according to your taste.
Serve at room temperature.
In a medium saucepan, combine cranberries, orange zest, cinnamon, orange juice, and brown sugar.
Add enough water to cover, and bring to a boil over high heat.
Immediately reduce heat, and simmer for about 1 hour, or until the sauce has thickened.
Taste for sweetness, and adjust with additional sugar if necessary.
You can not overcook, so continue cooking until you have a good thick consistency.
Let mixture cool, then refrigerate in a covered container.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place jalapeno chile peppers on a medium baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven 15 minutes, or until roasted.
Remove from heat and chop off stems.
Place jalapeno chile peppers, garlic, onion, white sugar, salt, ground cumin and diced tomatoes with green chile peppers in a blender or food processor.
Chop using the pulse setting for a few seconds.
Mix in whole peeled tomatoes.
Chop using the pulse setting to attain desired consistency.
Transfer to a medium bowl.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator until serving.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
While pasta is cooking, heat olive oil over medium heat in a large skillet.
Cook onions and pepper in oil until lightly browned, 10 minutes.
Stir in corn and heat through.
Stir in black beans, tomatoes, salsa, olives, taco seasoning and salt and pepper and cook until thoroughly heated, 5 minutes.
Toss sauce with cooked pasta and serve.
Heat peanut oil in a wok or large frying pan over medium-high heat.
Toss the tofu into the oil, and cook until browned on all sides.
Once browned, toss in onion, bell pepper, chile pepper, and garlic; cook until just tender, about 5 minutes.
In a small bowl, whisk together the hot water, vinegar, soy sauce, brown sugar, cornstarch, and red pepper flakes.
Pour over tofu and vegetables, toss to coat, and simmer 3 to 5 minutes, or until sauce thickens slightly.
In a slow cooker, mix the broth, button mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, barley, lentils, onion flakes, garlic, savory, bay leaves, basil, pepper, and salt.
Cover, and cook 4 to 6 hours on High or 10 to 12 hours on Low.
Remove bay leaves before serving.
Bring a large saucepan of water to boil.
Briefly place 6 pounds tomatoes into water to loosen skins and set color.
Drain, peel and crush.
Mix chopped tomatoes, garlic powder, lemon juice, salt, cayenne pepper and cumin into the saucepan with crushed tomatoes.
Whip to desired thickness.
Bring to a boil.
Mix in red onion, white onion, yellow onion, jalapeno peppers and cilantro.
Continue boiling until vegetables are soft and mixture has reached desired consistency.
Remove from heat.
Refrigerate until serving.
In a large bowl, combine the chickpeas, red onion, garlic, tomato, parsley, olive oil, lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste.
Chill for 2 hours before serving.
Taste and adjust seasoning.
Serve.
Heat oil in a soup pot over medium-high heat.
Saute onion, celery, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper until tender, about 5 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes, with the juice, broth, sweet potatoes, carrots, green beans and garlic.
Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes.
In a large cast iron skillet, heat shortening over medium-high heat.
Add potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are golden brown.
Season with salt, pepper, garlic powder and paprika.
Serve hot.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan, over medium heat.
Add leek, carrots, zucchini, green beans and celery.
Cover, and reduce heat to low.
Cook for 15 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally.
Stir in the stock, tomatoes and thyme.
Bring to a boil, then replace the lid, and reduce heat to low; simmer gently for 30 minutes.
Stir in the cannellini beans with liquid and pasta.
Simmer for an additional 10 minutes, or until pasta is al dente.
Season with salt and pepper to taste before serving.
In large saucepan, heat oil over medium-high.
Add onion, cook and stir until tender.
Add beans, tomatoes, oregano and garlic powder.
Bring to a boil; stir in rice.
Cover; reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes.
Remove from heat; let stand 5 minutes before serving.
In a glass jar with a lid, mix together olive oil, white vinegar, sugar, and soy sauce.
Close the lid, and shake until well mixed.
Combine the bok choy, green onions, almonds, and chow mein noodles in a salad bowl.
Toss with dressing, and serve.
In a large wok or skillet heat oil over medium heat; saute onions until translucent.
Stir in creamed corn and curry paste.
Cook, stirring regularly, for 5 minutes.
As you stir, add salt, pepper and garlic.
Stir in garbanzo beans and gently fold in tofu.
Add spinach and cover.
When spinach is tender, remove from heat and stir in basil.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C.) Lightly grease a 2 quart baking dish.
Pour pie filling into the dish, and spread evenly.
In a medium bowl, mix together flour, oats, sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg.
Mix in melted margarine.
Spread over pie filling, and sprinkle with chopped pecans.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until topping is golden brown.
Allow to cool 15 minutes before serving.
Stir together the white sugar, brown sugar, flour, and cinnamon in a small saucepan.
Stir in vanilla extract and water.
Bring to a rolling boil, stirring often.
Continue to boil and stir until mixture thickens to syrup consistency.
Remove from heat; cool 10 minutes before serving.
Cut pressed tofu into 1/2-inch thick slices; then cut again into 1/2-inch wide sticks.
Place tofu in a bowl, and pour broth over the top.
Set aside to soak.
In a separate bowl, stir together flour, yeast, salt, pepper, sage, and cayenne.
Warm oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Remove tofu sticks from broth, and squeeze most (but not all) of the liquid from them.
Roll sticks in breading.
(You may have to roll sticks twice to end up with a fairly dry outer layer of breading.)
Place tofu in hot oil; fry until crisp and browned on all sides.
Add more oil if necessary.
In a medium bowl, mash the avocados and stir in salt to taste.
Mix in the tomato, onion, jalapeno, cilantro and lime juice.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes before serving.
Peel the cucumbers and slice wafer thin.
Sprinkle with salt.
Let stand 30 minutes, then squeeze cucumbers to release moisture.
In a medium size bowl mix sugar, water, vinegar, celery seed, and onion.
Add cucumbers to mixture.
Mix well.
Refrigerate 1 hour.
In a medium saucepan combine the water and sugar.
Bring mixture to a boil over medium heat.
Add the cranberries, apples, cider vinegar, raisins and spices.
Bring to a boil, then simmer gently for 10 minutes stirring often.
Pour mixture into a mixing bowl.
Place plastic wrap directly on the surface of the sauce.
Cool to room temperature and serve or cover and refrigerate.
Bring chutney to room temperature before serving.
In a blender or food processor, mix the garbanzo beans, jalapeno peppers and reserved juice, tahini, garlic, and lemon juice.
Season with cumin, curry powder, and crushed red pepper.
Blend until smooth.
Place the Russet potato pieces into a large saucepan, and cover with salted water.
Bring to a boil, turn the heat down, and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add the sweet potato, and cook about 15 minutes more.
Remove a piece of each potato, and cut it in half to see if it is cooked enough.
Once the potatoes are tender, add corn kernels; cook another 30 seconds.
Drain through a colander.
Fill the saucepan with cold water, and drop vegetables into water.
Cool for 5 minutes, and drain.
In a large bowl, whisk together mustard, lime juice, cilantro, and garlic.
Slowly whisk in oil.
Mix in salt and black pepper.
Cut cooled potatoes into 1 inch cubes, and add to dressing along with cucumber, and red onion.
Toss well.
Serve at room temperature or chilled.
Toss the peanuts in just before serving.
Pour the apple cider and maple syrup into a large stainless steel saucepan.
Place the cinnamon sticks, cloves, allspice berries, orange peel and lemon peel in the center of a washed square of cheesecloth; fold up the sides of the cheesecloth to enclose the bundle, then tie it up with a length of kitchen string.
Drop the spice bundle into the cider mixture.
Place the saucepan over moderate heat for 5 to 10 minutes, or until the cider is very hot but not boiling.
Remove the cider from the heat.
Discard the spice bundle.
Ladle the cider into big cups or mugs, adding a fresh cinnamon stick to each serving if desired.
In a large pot, combine meat substitute, black beans, kidney beans, diced tomatoes, tomato juice, onions, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, bay leaves, salt and pepper.
Bring to a simmer and cover.
Let the chili simmer for at least 1 hour before serving.
In a large saucepan heat oil over medium heat.
Saute onion, green onion and garlic.
When onions are clear, stir in tomatoes, basil, oregano and sugar.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 20 minutes.
In a large bowl, toss together the cucumbers, vinegar, sugar and salt.
Let stand at room temperature for an hour, stirring occasionally.
Add tomatoes, onion, mint and oil to cucumbers and toss to blend.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Combine lentils and water, bring to a boil.
Lower heat to simmer, add tomatoes, onion, and celery.
Cover and let simmer 45 minutes.
Check every 15 minutes to stir, and add water if necessary.
Add spices last 15 minutes to taste.
Taste and re-spice if necessary before serving.
In a blender or food processor, combine tomato juice, onion, bell pepper, cucumber, tomatoes, green onions, garlic, lemon juice, red wine vinegar, tarragon, basil, parsley, sugar, salt, and pepper.
Blend until well-combined but still slightly chunky.
Chill at least 2 hours before serving.
In a large skillet combine the crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, garlic, sugar, vinegar, oregano and red pepper flakes.
Stir all together and simmer over low heat for at least 30 minutes (for the best flavor).
Stir frequently to prevent burning.
In a big bowl, combine cherry tomatoes, green olives, back olives, and spring onion.
In a dry skillet, toast pine nuts over medium heat until golden brown, turning frequently.
Stir into tomato mixture.
In a small bowl, mix together olive oil, red wine vinegar, sugar, and oregano.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Pour over salad, and gently stir to coat.
Chill for 1 hour.
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Place mushrooms in the skillet, season with Italian seasoning, and cook 10 minutes, stirring frequently.
Mix the wine and garlic into the skillet, and continue cooking until most of the wine has evaporated.
Season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with chives.
Continue cooking 1 minute.
Place the green beans into a large pot, and drizzle with olive oil.
Season with salt to taste, and put the lid on the pot.
Cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until beans are cooked to your desired doneness.
Syrians like it cooked until the green beans are turning brownish in color.
The idea is not to saute them, but to let them steam in the moisture released by the ice crystals.
Add cilantro and garlic to the beans, and continue to cook just until the cilantro has started to wilt.
Eat as a main course by scooping up with warm pita bread or serve as a side dish.
In a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat, heat olive oil.
Cook onion, carrot, celery and garlic until onion is translucent.
Stir in yellow and green split peas, broth, seasoning and salt.
Cover, bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer 2 1/2 hours, stirring frequently.
Puree with a blender or food processor.
Return to pot, heat through, and serve.
In a large saucepan, heat vegetable oil over a medium-low heat.
Place the onions in the pan, and saute until golden.
Add rice to pan, and stir to coat grains with oil.
Mix in green bell pepper, cumin, chili powder, tomato sauce, salt, garlic, saffron, and water.
Cover, bring to a boil, and then reduce heat to simmer.
Cook for 30 to 40 minutes, or until rice is tender.
Stir occasionally.
Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat; cook and stir mushrooms, onion, carrot, green bell pepper, celery, garlic, chili powder, cumin, salt, black pepper, basil, and oregano until the onion begins to soften, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes with their liquid, black beans and their liquid, tomato paste, red wine, hot pepper sauce, and water.
Bring the chili to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.
In a bowl, gently mix the garbanzo beans, kidney beans, green beans, green onions, and celery.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the vinegar, oil, honey, mustard, garlic powder, black pepper, onion powder, and cayenne pepper.
Pour dressing over the salad, and toss gently to coat.
Cover, refrigerate at least 2 hours, and gently toss before serving.
Place the potatoes in a pot, cover with cold water, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
Turn the heat to medium-low, and boil the potatoes until tender, about 25 minutes; drain.
Stir the vegan mayonnaise, soy milk, olive oil, vegan cream cheese, and salt into the potatoes, and mash with a potato masher until smooth and fluffy.
Set the potatoes aside.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C), and spray a 2-quart baking dish with cooking spray.
Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the onion, carrots, celery, frozen peas, and tomato until softened, about 10 minutes.
Stir in the Italian seasoning, garlic, and pepper.
Reduce the heat to medium-low, and crumble the vegetarian ground beef substitute into the skillet with the vegetables.
Cook and stir, breaking up the meat substitute, until the mixture is hot, about 5 minutes.
Spread the vegetarian meat substitute mixture into the bottom of the baking dish, and top with the mashed potatoes, smoothing them into an even layer.
Sprinkle the potatoes with the shredded soy cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until the cheese is melted and slightly browned and the casserole is hot, about 20 minutes.
In a blender or food processor, pulse the tomatoes, green onions, jalapeno peppers, and cilantro to desired consistency.
Transfer to a bowl, and mix in the lime juice, hot pepper sauce, black pepper, garlic powder, and salt.
Toast the pine nuts briefly in a dry skillet over medium heat.
This will take about 5 minutes, and stir constantly as they will burn easily.
Set aside to cool.
In a saucepan, combine the quinoa, water and salt.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium and cook until quinoa is tender and water has been absorbed, about 10 minutes.
Cool slightly, then fluff with a fork.
Transfer the quinoa to a serving bowl and stir in the pine nuts, lemon juice, celery, onion, cayenne pepper, cumin and parsley.
Adjust salt and pepper if needed before serving.
Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat.
Saute the onion 10 minutes, until lightly browned.
Mix in the garlic, ginger, cumin, coriander, cinnamon, and cloves.
Stir in the tomatoes, sweet potatoes, and carrot, and continue to cook and stir about 5 minutes.
Pour water into the saucepan, and season the mixture with salt.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 30 minutes.
Remove the soup mixture from heat.
In a food processor or blender, blend the soup and peanuts until almost smooth.
Season with cayenne pepper.
Return to the saucepan.
Whisk in the peanut butter, and cook until heated through.
Serve warm topped with fresh cilantro.
Mix together green beans, wax beans, kidney beans, onion, sugar, vinegar, vegetable oil, salt, pepper, and celery seed.
Let set in refrigerator for at least 12 hours.
Place cracked wheat in bowl and cover with 2 cups boiling water.
Soak for 30 minutes; drain and squeeze out excess water.
In a mixing bowl, combine the wheat, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, garlic, parsley, mint, salt, lemon juice, and olive oil.
Toss and refrigerate for at least 4 hours before serving.
Toss again prior to serving.
Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat.
Once the water is boiling, stir in the angel hair pasta, and return to a boil.
Cook the pasta uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pasta has cooked through, but is still firm to the bite, 4 to 5 minutes.
Drain well in a colander set in the sink.
Whisk together the sesame oil, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, chili oil, and sugar in a large bowl.
Toss the pasta in the dressing, then sprinkle with sesame seeds, green onion, and bell pepper.
Serve warm, or cover and refrigerate for a cold salad.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease 12 muffin cups or line with paper liners.
Mix flour, white sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, nutmeg, and salt together in a large bowl.
Stir bananas, canola oil, and coconut milk together in a separate bowl; mix banana mixture into flour mixture until just combined.
Fill muffin cups with batter.
Bake in the preheated oven until a tooth pick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes.
Rinse lentils thoroughly and place in a medium saucepan along with ginger, turmeric, salt and cayenne pepper.
Cover with about 1 inch of water and bring to a boil.
Skim off any foam that forms on top of the lentils.
Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until beans are tender and soupy.
Meanwhile, in a microwave safe dish combine oil, dried onion and cumin seeds.
Microwave on high for 45 seconds to 1 minute; be sure to brown, but not burn, onions.
Stir into lentil mixture.
In a large saucepan, heat oil over medium heat.
Stir in onion and saute until translucent.
Pour the rice into the pan and stir to coat grains with oil.
Mix in cumin, chili powder, tomatoes, salt and water.
Cover, bring to a boil then reduce heat to low.
Cook at a simmer for 20 to 30 minutes or until rice is tender.
Stir occasionally.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir the onion about 5 minutes, until tender.
Mix in the tomatoes, and season with salt and pepper.
Continue to cook and stir about 5 minutes.
Mix in the zucchini, yellow squash, bay leaf, and basil.
Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Remove bay leaf before serving.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, stir together 3 tablespoons of sugar, the cumin, cinnamon, ginger, and cayenne pepper, and set aside.
Place the pumpkin seeds on the prepared baking sheet, spray them with cooking spray, and sprinkle with salt to taste.
Bake the seeds in the preheated oven until lightly golden, 20 to 25 minutes.
Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, and stir in the toasted pumpkin seeds along with 2 tablespoons of sugar.
Cook and stir the seeds until the sugar forms a coating on the seeds, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir the caramelized seeds into the bowl of sugar-spice mixture, toss to coat, and let cool.
Mix all ingredients in a medium bowl; cover and refrigerate 2 hours or up to 2 days.
Before serving, adjust seasonings to taste, adding extra vinegar, salt and pepper.
Transfer to a serving bowl.
Heat canola oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat.
Cook garlic cloves in hot oil, turning once, until brown on both sides, 4 to 5 minutes.
Smash garlic cloves in skillet with a fork.
Stir pinto beans, cumin, chili powder, and salt into mashed garlic and cook until beans are thoroughly heated, about 5 minutes.
Stir occasionally.
Smash bean mixture with a potato masher to desired texture.
Squeeze lime juice over smashed beans and stir until combined.
In a large pot over medium-high heat, place the beans in three times their volume of water.
Bring to a boil, and let boil 10 minutes.
Cover, remove from heat and let stand 1 hour.
Drain, and rinse.
In a slow cooker, combine soaked beans and 1 1/2 quarts fresh water.
Cover, and cook for 3 hours on High.
Stir in carrot, celery, onion, garlic, bell peppers, jalapeno pepper, lentils, and tomatoes.
Season with chili powder, cumin, oregano, black pepper, red wine vinegar, and salt.
Cook on Low for 2 to 3 hours.
Stir the rice into the slow cooker in the last 20 minutes of cooking.
Puree about half of the soup with a blender or food processor, then pour back into the pot before serving.
In a small bowl or cup measure, mix together oil, apple cider vinegar, herbs, salt, and sugar.
Pour dressing over cherry tomatoes in a serving dish, and gently stir to coat.
Chill for at least 2 hours.
Gently stir from bottom to top, coating all tomatoes, before serving.
Heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Stir in the cumin seeds, garlic, and ginger paste.
Cook about 1 minute until garlic is lightly browned.
Add the potatoes.
Season with turmeric, paprika, cumin, garam masala, and salt.
Cover and continue cooking 5 to 7 minutes stirring occasionally.
Mix the cauliflower and cilantro into the saucepan.
Reduce heat to low and cover.
Stirring occasionally, continue cooking 10 minutes, or until potatoes and cauliflower are tender.
In a medium-size mixing bowl, combine tomatoes, onion, cilantro, garlic, lime juice, tomatillo, and salt to taste.
Mix well.
Add 1/2 of the jalapeno pepper, and taste.
If you desire your salsa with more of a kick, add the remaining 1/2 jalapeno.
If you are satisfied with the salsa's heat, do not add the remaining jalapeno pepper.
Cover the salsa, and chill until ready to serve.
In a grinder or food processor, coarsely grind tomatoes, red bell peppers, green bell peppers, and onions.
(You may need to do this in batches.)
Line a large colander with cheesecloth, place in sink or in a large bowl, and pour in tomato mixture to drain for 1 hour.
In a large, non-aluminum stockpot, combine tomato mixture, celery seed, mustard seed, salt, sugar, and vinegar.
Bring to a boil and simmer over low heat 5 minutes, stirring frequently.
Sterilize enough jars and lids to hold relish (12 one-pint jars, or 6 one-quart jars).
Pack relish into sterilized jars, making sure there are no spaces or air pockets.
Fill jars all the way to top.
Screw on lids.
Place a rack in the bottom of a large stockpot and fill halfway with boiling water.
Carefully lower jars into pot using a holder.
Leave a 2 inch space between jars.
Pour in more boiling water if necessary, until tops of jars are covered by 2 inches of water.
Bring water to a full boil, then cover and process for 30 minutes.
Remove jars from pot and place on cloth-covered or wood surface, several inches apart, until cool.
Once cool, press top of each lid with finger, ensuring that seal is tight (lid does not move up or down at all).
Relish can be stored for up to a year.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Saute onion, bell pepper and garlic.
When onion is translucent add salt and tomato paste.
Reduce heat to low and cook 2 minutes.
Stir in the beans and rice.
Pour the liquid from the beans into a large measuring cup and add enough water to reach a volume of 2 1/2 cups; pour into beans.
Cover and cook on low for 45 to 50 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed and rice is cooked.
Place ingredients into the bread machine in order suggested by the manufacturer.
Use the whole wheat, regular crust setting.
After the baking cycle ends, remove bread from pan, place on a cake rack, and allow to cool for 1 hour before slicing.
Preheat the grill for medium heat.
Cut the squash horizontally into 1/4 inch to 1/2 inch thick slices so that you have nice long strips that won't fall through the grill.
Heat olive oil in a small pan, and add garlic cloves.
Cook over medium heat until the garlic starts to sizzle and become fragrant.
Brush the slices of squash with the garlic oil, and season with salt and pepper.
Grill squash slices for 5 to 10 minutes per side, until they reach the desired tenderness.
Brush with additional garlic oil, and turn occasionally to prevent sticking or burning.
In a large bowl, mix together black beans, Mexican-style corn, diced tomatoes with green chile peppers, tomatoes and green onion stalks.
Garnish with desired amount of cilantro leaves.
Chill in the refrigerator at least  8 hours, or overnight, before serving.
Preheat the broiler.
In a medium baking dish, place roma (plum) tomatoes, garlic, onion and jalapeno chile pepper.
Drizzle with olive oil.
Checking often, broil 5 to 10 minutes, or until outsides of vegetables are charred.
Remove vegetables from heat.
Remove and discard tomato cores, jalapeno stem and garlic skins.
In a food processor, coarsely chop the charred vegetables.
Transfer to a medium bowl and mix in cumin, salt, lime juice and cilantro.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
In a medium bowl, mix avocados, onions, and garlic salt.
Arrange corn tortillas in a single layer on a large baking sheet, and place in the preheated oven 2 to 5 minutes, until heated through.
Spread tortillas with the avocado mixture.
Garnish with cilantro and sprinkle with jalapeno pepper sauce.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Lightly grease a muffin pan.
Combine the cornmeal, flour, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl; stir in the applesauce, soy milk, and agave nectar.
Slowly add the oil while stirring.
Pour the mixture into the muffin pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick or small knife inserted in the crown of a muffin comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes.
Place the zucchini, red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, squash, red onion, mushrooms, and tomatoes in a large bowl.
In a small bowl, mix together olive oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, and garlic.
Pour over the vegetables.
Cover bowl, and marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.
Preheat grill for medium heat.
Lightly oil grate.
Remove vegetables from marinade, and place on preheated grill.
Cook for 12 to 15 minutes, or until tender.
Place the banana, kale, soy milk, flax seeds, and maple syrup into a blender.
Cover, and puree until smooth.
Serve over ice.
Mix together corn, olives, tomatoes, onion, red pepper, and jalapeno pepper in a large bowl.
Gently fold in diced avocado, olive oil, lime juice, and salt.
Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat.
Saute onion and garlic until onion is tender.
Add carrot and celery; cook 7 to 9 minutes until tender, stirring frequently.
Stir in tomatoes, broth, Worcestershire sauce, salt, thyme, pepper and hot pepper sauce.
Reduce heat to low.
Cover and simmer 20 minutes, stirring frequently.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in oregano, basil, garlic, and pepper.
Add the garbanzo beans and zucchini, stirring well to coat with oil and herbs.
Cook, covered, for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Stir in mushrooms and cilantro, and cook until tender, stirring occasionally.
Place the chopped tomato on top of the mixture.
Cover, and let the tomatoes steam for a few minutes, but don't let them get mushy.
Serve immediately.
In a blender, place diced tomatoes, diced tomatoes with green chile peppers, lemon juice, jalapeno pepper, cilantro, yellow onion, hot pepper sauce and garlic.
Blend until smooth.
Chill in the refrigerator until serving.
In a slow cooker, combine the tomatoes, garbanzo beans, zucchini, onion, carrots, celery, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, chili powder, green chile peppers, garlic, oregano, cumin and salt.
Cover and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours OR on high for 3 to 4 hours.
In a large bowl, toss together the cucumber, corn, tomatoes, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and red wine vinegar.
Season with crushed red pepper flakes, garlic, cumin, cilantro, salt, and black pepper.
Cover, and chill at least 30 minutes before serving.
In a large saucepan, cook and stir onion in oil until tender and translucent, but not brown.
Add tomatoes, beans, oregano and garlic powder.
Bring to boil.
Stir in rice, return mixture to a boil.
Reduce heat to simmer, and cover.
Let mixture simmer for 5 minutes.
Remove pan from heat and let stand 5 minutes before serving.
Bring vegetable broth to a boil in a large pot.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente.
Meanwhile, heat oil in a small skillet over medium heat.
Saute onions and garlic until translucent.
Stir into pasta and add garbanzo beans, tomatoes, basil, thyme, salt and pepper.
Heat through and serve.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Cut the pumpkin in half, stem to base.
Remove seeds and pulp.
Cover each half with foil.
Bake in the preheated oven, foil side up, 1 hour, or until tender.
Scrape pumpkin meat from shell halves and puree in a blender.
Strain to remove any remaining stringy pieces.
Store in the freezer in freezer safe bags.
Place the potatoes in a large pot, and fill with about 1 inch of water.
Bring to a boil, and cook for about 15 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.
Throw in the green beans to steam after the first 10 minutes.
Drain, cool, and cut potatoes into quarters.
Transfer to a large bowl, and toss with fresh basil, red onion, salt and pepper.
Set aside.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the balsamic vinegar, mustard, lemon juice, garlic, Worcestershire sauce and olive oil.
Pour over the salad, and stir to coat.
Taste and season with additional salt and pepper if needed.
Heat the coconut oil in a deep pot over medium-high heat.
Stir in the onions and garlic; cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes.
Mix in the vegetable broth, curry powder, salt, coriander, and red pepper flakes.
Cook and stir until the mixture comes to a gentle boil, about 10 minutes.
Cover, and boil 15 to 20 minutes more, stirring occasionally.
Whisk in the pumpkin and coconut milk, and cook another 5 minutes.
Pour the soup into a blender, filling only half way and working in batches if necessary; process until smooth.
Return to a pot, and reheat briefly over medium heat before serving.
In small bowl, combine cornstarch and water to form a paste.
In large saucepan over medium heat, stir together soy milk, vanilla, sugar, cocoa and cornstarch mixture.
Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture boils.
Continue to cook and stir until mixture thickens.
Remove from heat.
Pudding will continue to thicken as it cools.
Allow to cool five minutes, then chill in refrigerator until completely cool.
In a slow-cooker or a large pot over low heat, combine apple cider, orange juice and lemon juice.
Season with cloves, ginger and nutmeg.
Bring to a simmer.
If using a slow cooker, allow to simmer all day.
Serve hot.
Make the sauce: In a large, heavy saucepan, over medium heat, heat the olive oil.
Place the onions in the saucepan and saute them until they are soft, about 5 minutes.
Add the garlic; cook 5 minutes more.
Place the tomatoes, tomato paste, basil and parsley in the saucepan.
Stir well, turn the heat to low and let the sauce simmer covered for 1 hour.
Add the salt and pepper.
While the sauce is cooking bring a large kettle of salted water to a boil.
Boil the lasagna noodles for 9 minutes, then drain and rinse well.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place the tofu blocks in a large bowl.
Add the garlic, basil and parsley.
Add the salt and pepper, and mash all the ingredients together by squeezing pieces of tofu through your fingers.
Mix well.
Assemble the lasagna: Spread 1 cup of the tomato sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch casserole pan.
Arrange a single layer of lasagna noodles, sprinkle one-third of the tofu mixture over the noodles.
Distribute the spinach evenly over the tofu.
Next ladle 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce over the tofu, and top it with another layer of the noodles.
Then sprinkle another 1/3 of the tofu mixture over the noodles, top the tofu with 1 1/2 cups tomato sauce, and place a final layer of noodles over the tomato sauce.
Finally, top the noodles with the final 1/3 of the tofu, and spread the remaining tomato sauce over everything.
Cover the pan with foil and bake the lasagna for 30 minutes.
Serve hot and enjoy.
In a medium bowl, mix together masa harina and hot water until thoroughly combined.
Turn dough onto a clean surface and knead until pliable and smooth.
If dough is too sticky, add more masa harina; if it begins to dry out, sprinkle with water.
Cover dough tightly with plastic wrap and allow to stand for 30 minutes.
Preheat a cast iron skillet or griddle to medium-high.
Divide dough into 15 equal-size balls.
Using a tortilla press, a rolling pin, or your hands, press each ball of dough flat between two sheets of plastic wrap.
Immediately place tortilla in preheated pan and allow to cook for approximately 30 seconds, or until browned and slightly puffy.
Turn tortilla over to brown on second side for approximately 30 seconds more, then transfer to a plate.
Repeat process with each ball of dough.
Keep tortillas covered with a towel to stay warm and moist until ready to serve.
Place quinoa in a sieve and rinse thoroughly.
Allow to drain, then place quinoa in a medium saucepan with water.
Bring to a boil over high heat.
Cover pan with lid, lower heat, and allow to simmer until all water is absorbed and quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes.
Mix in apple juice, raisins, lemon juice, cinnamon, and salt.
Cover pan and allow to simmer for 15 minutes longer.
Stir in vanilla extract.
Serve warm.
Heat oil in a large non-stick skillet over low heat and saute garlic for about 2 minutes; be careful not to burn.
Just as the garlic begins to turn brown, remove pan from heat.
Allow pan to cool, and add tomatoes, wine, water, salt and sugar.
Cook over medium-high heat and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, about 20 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in basil.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute onion with salt and pepper for 2 minutes.
Stir in zucchini and mushrooms.
When zucchini begins to soften, add tomatoes, garlic and Italian seasoning.
Cook until heated through.
In a medium bowl, mix together the artichoke hearts, tomatoes, onion, olives, garlic, salt, and pepper.
Serve chilled, or at room temperature, with tortilla chips.
To make a frozen hand, wash a disposable glove, fill with water, seal with a rubber band and freeze until hard.
Stir together grape soft drink mix, orange soft drink mix, sugar and water until solids are dissolved.
Combine with chilled ginger ale just before serving.
Dip the frozen hand briefly in warm water, then peel off the glove.
Float the prepared hand in the punch bowl for a ghastly effect.
In a saucepan combine lentils, carrots, onion, garlic, bay leaf, and thyme.
Add enough water to cover by 1 inch.
Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 15 to 20 minutes or until lentils are tender but not mushy.
Drain lentils and vegetables and remove bay leaf.
Add olive oil, lemon juice, celery, parsley, salt and pepper.
Toss to mix and serve at room temperature.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 9x13 inch pan.
In a heavy saucepan combine the 1/3 cup of flour and water.
Cook over medium heat stirring constantly until thick.
Transfer to a mixing bowl and set aside to cool.
In a small saucepan, melt butter.
When butter has melted, add the cocoa and mix until smooth; set aside to cool.
Beat the sugar and vanilla into the cooled flour mixture.
Stir in the cocoa mixture until well blended.
Combine the flour, baking powder and salt, stir into the batter until just blended.
Fold in walnuts if desired.
Spread evenly in the prepared pan.
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven, until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
Cool before cutting into bars.
In a large saucepan over high heat, combine rice, coconut milk and salt; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Cook and stir the onions and garlic in the skillet until tender.
Mix the green beans, tomatoes, sugar, and salt into the skillet.
Reduce heat to low, and continue cooking 45 minutes, or until beans are soft.
Bring the quinoa and water to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the quinoa is tender, and the water has been absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes.
Scrape the cooked quinoa into a mixing bowl.
Add the garbanzo beans, broccoli, garlic, lemon juice, tarragon, mustard, and olive oil.
Stir until evenly mixed.
Season to taste with salt and black pepper before serving.
Place the rice and 1 cup water in a pot, and bring to a boil.
Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes.
Place lentils in a pot with the remaining 1 1/2 cups water, and bring to a boil.
Cook 15 minutes, or until tender.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat, and stir in the onion and garlic.
Mix in tomato, celery, carrots, zucchini, and 1/2 the tomato sauce.
Season with 1/2 the basil, 1/2 the oregano, 1/2 the cumin, salt, and pepper.
Cook until vegetables are tender.
In a casserole dish, mix the rice, lentils, and vegetables.
Top with remaining tomato sauce, and sprinkle with remaining basil, oregano, and cumin.
Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until bubbly.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a shallow baking dish.
Scoop out the flesh of the zucchini; chop the flesh and set aside.
Place the shells in the prepared dish.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Saute onions for 5 minutes, then add garlic and saute 2 minutes more.
Stir in chopped zucchini and mushrooms; saute 5 minutes.
Stir in coriander, cumin, chickpeas, lemon juice, parsley, salt and pepper.
Spoon mixture into zucchini shells.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until zucchini are tender.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Tear off 6 large pieces of foil.
Divide garlic, olive oil, wine, asparagus, and thyme and arrange them on each piece of foil.
Fold over each foil packet to seal.
Place the packets on a baking sheet and roast for 20 to 25 minutes until the asparagus is tender, but still a little crisp.
Carefully open packets and serve asparagus with juices poured on top.
Combine tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions in a salad bowl.
Season to taste with salt and black pepper.
Sprinkle with lemon juice.
Chill.
Heat 1 1/2 tablespoon of the oil in a large pot over medium-low heat.
Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft.
In a large skillet, heat 1 1/2 tablespoon of olive oil and saute the zucchini in batches until slightly browned on all sides.
Remove the zucchini and place in the pot with the onions and garlic.
Saute all the remaining vegetables one batch at a time, adding 1 1/2 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet each time you add a new set of vegetables.
Once each batch has been sauteed add them to the large pot as was done in step 2.
Season with salt and pepper.
Add the bay leaf and thyme and cover the pot.
Cook over medium heat for 15 to 20 minutes.
Add the chopped tomatoes and parsley to the large pot, cook  another 10-15 minutes.
Stir occasionally.
Remove the bay leaf and adjust seasoning.
Method 1: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (125 degrees C).
Slice 1/4 inch off top of garlic bulb.
Place in a small baking dish and drizzle with olive oil.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, until outside is lightly browned and garlic cloves are soft.
When cool enough to touch, squeeze each clove to extract softened garlic.
Method 2: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (125 degrees C).
Peel each garlic clove.
Place in a single layer in a small baking dish and drizzle with olive oil.
Bake for 15 minutes, until garlic is soft.
Pour the barbeque sauce into a medium bowl.
Crumble the tempeh into the sauce, and let it marinate a little, about 10 minutes.
Heat oil in a skillet over medium heat.
Add the red and green peppers, and the onion.
Cook, stirring frequently until tender.
Stir in the tempeh and barbeque sauce, and heat through.
Spoon the tempeh mixture onto kaiser rolls, and serve.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease one 9x5 inch loaf pan.
Whisk together flax seed meal and water.
Mix in sugar, pumpkin and apple sauce.
In a large bowl, stir together all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda, cinnamon, salt,  baking powder, nutmeg, and cloves.
Add flour mixture to pumpkin mixture; stir until smooth.
Pour batter into prepared pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 65 to 70 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean.
Heat oil over medium-high heat in a large frying pan.
Add onions and garlic; cook and stir until soft.
Mix in breadcrumbs, and cook and stir until brown.
Stir in kale, and cook until wilted.
Serve hot or warm.
Heat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Mix 2 cups flour and salt with vegetable shortening using pastry blender.
Mix in 6 to 8 tablespoons ice water and stir until mixture forms a ball.
Divide ball in half.
Using a rolling pin, roll one of balls to fit the bottom and sides of an 11x7 inch baking dish.
Roll out the other half of dough to form top crust.
Use this pie crust as directed in your favorite pie recipe.
Blend avocados, cocoa powder, brown sugar, coconut milk, vanilla extract, and cinnamon in a blender until smooth.
Refrigerate pudding until chilled, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Spread potatoes, zucchini, and red onions in a 9x13-inch baking dish, or preferably a larger one.
Use 2 baking dishes if necessary.
Cover with pureed tomatoes, olive oil, parsley.
Season with salt and freshly ground pepper.
Toss all ingredients together so that the vegetables are evenly coated.
Bake in the preheated oven, stirring after 1 hour, until vegetables are tender and moisture has evaporated, about 90 minutes.
Cool slightly before serving, or serve at room temperature.
In a saucepan over medium heat combine the maple syrup, oil, cocoa and cinnamon.
Boil for three minutes, stirring constantly.
Remove from heat and stir in the peanut butter, rolled oats and vanilla until well blended.
Drop by heaping spoonfuls onto waxed paper and chill to set, about 30 minutes.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Stir in onions and celery; cook until just slightly golden.
Stir in carrots and garlic; cook until garlic is slightly golden.
Meanwhile, bring water to a boil over high heat.
Stir in bouillon, and reduce heat to medium.
When bouillon cubes have dissolved, add corn and the vegetables from the skillet.
Cook until vegetables are tender.
Add water, if necessary.
Reduce heat to low, and pour in 1 cup soy milk.
Stir soup well, then stir in remaining 1 cup soy milk.
Quickly whisk in flour.
Stir in parsley, garlic powder, salt, and pepper.
Cook, stirring constantly, until chowder thickens, about 15 to 20 minutes.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and rinse in cold water.
In a large bowl combine tomatoes, cucumbers, onion, cooled pasta and Italian dressing.
Refrigerate overnight, or for at least 1 hour.
Place tomatillos in a nonreactive saucepan with enough water to cover.
Bring to a boil.
Simmer until tomatillos soften and begin to burst, about 10 minutes.
Drain tomatillos and place in a food processor or blender with onion, garlic, jalapeno peppers, cilantro, salt and pepper.
Blend to desired consistency.
In a blender or food processor, combine sugar, vinegar, salt, mustard and onion and process for 20 seconds.
With blender or food processor on high, gradually add oil in a slow, steady stream.
Stir in poppy seeds.
Whisk together the sugar, sesame seeds, sesame oil, poppy seeds, dried onion, paprika, oil and vinegar.
Refrigerate until chilled.
In a salad bowl, combine the spinach and strawberries.
Drizzle with dressing, toss lightly and serve.
Grind onion, tomato, ginger, garlic, and chile pepper together in a food processor into a paste.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Fry bay leaves in hot oil until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Pour the paste into the skillet and cook until the oil begins to separate from the mixture and is golden brown in color, 2 to 3 minutes.
Season the mixture with chili powder, coriander, powder, gram masala, turmeric, and salt; cook and stir until very hot, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir enough water into the mixture to get a thick gravy; bring to a boil and stir chickpeas into the gravy.
Reduce heat to medium and cook until the chickpeas are heated through, 5 to 7 minutes.
Garnish with cilantro.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the sugar snap peas, green onion, and garlic.
Season with salt and pepper.
Stir-fry for 4 minutes, then remove from heat and stir in the mint leaves.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Grease and flour two 9x5 inch loaf pans.
Whisk together the flour, flax seeds, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, baking powder, and arrowroot in a bowl until evenly blended; set aside.
Whisk together the applesauce, white sugar, brown sugar, vegetable oil, and vanilla extract in a bowl until smooth.
Fold in the flour mixture and shredded zucchini until moistened.
Divide the batter between the prepared loaf pans.
Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 70 minutes.
Cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to cool completely on a wire rack.
Husk the corn and slice the kernels from the cob.
In a large bowl, mix together the corn, tomato, zucchini, cucumber, onion and red bell pepper.
Pour dressing over vegetables and toss to coat.
Refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour.
In a large jar or bottle, combine the tomato juice, celery salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce, and hot pepper sauce.
Secure the lid and shake, or stir to mix until well blended.
Store in the refrigerator for up to one week.
Place carrot into a bowl, and fill with about 1/4 inch of water.
Cover with plastic wrap, and cook in the microwave for 2 minutes, or until soft.
Drain.
Mash beans and steamed carrot in a large bowl.
Mix in green pepper, onion, salsa, bread crumbs, and whole wheat flour.
Season with salt, black pepper, and chili powder.
Add flour to create a firmer mixture, or more salsa if the mixture is too stiff.
Form mixture into 8 patties, and place on a greased baking sheet.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat, and coat with cooking spray.
Fry the patties for about 8 minutes on each side, or until browned and firm.
Lightly grease cookie sheets.
Insert craft sticks into whole, stemmed apples.
In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, combine sugar, corn syrup and water.
Heat to 300 to 310 degrees F (149 to 154 degrees C), or until a small amount of syrup dropped into cold water forms hard, brittle threads.
Remove from heat and stir in food coloring.
Holding apple by its stick, dip in syrup and remove and turn to coat evenly.
Place on prepared sheets to harden.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until done; drain.
In a small bowl, combine olive oil, lemon juice, basil and black pepper.
Mix well and toss with the pasta.
Serve hot or cold.
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Toss in escarole, turning to coat with oil.
Season with salt, pepper, and crushed red pepper flakes.
Cook, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes, or until tender.
In a separate skillet, heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat.
Stir in garlic.
Pour in beans with juices, and simmer until creamy, about 10 minutes.
Stir in escarole and parsley; simmer 10 minutes more.
Place the corn in a large pot with enough water to cover, and soak at least 15 minutes.
Preheat grill for high heat.
Remove silks from corn, but leave the husks.
Place corn on the preheated grill.
Cook, turning occasionally, 20 minutes, or until tender.
Remove from heat, cool slightly, and discard husks.
Cut the corn kernels from the cob, and place in a medium bowl.
Mix in the red bell pepper, green bell pepper, and red onion.
In a blender or food processor, mix the cilantro, olive oil, garlic, lime juice, sugar, salt, pepper, and hot sauce.
Blend until smooth, and stir into the corn salad.
Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, and stir in mushrooms, onion, celery, and garlic.
Saute until tender.
Mix barley and vegetable broth into the saucepan.
Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce heat.
Simmer 45 to 50 minutes, until barley is tender.
Stir white beans into the barley mixture.
Continue cooking about 5 minutes, until beans are heated.
Soak the quinoa in a bowl filled with cold water for 5 minutes, then drain using a fine mesh strainer, and rinse with running water.
Set the strainer aside so the quinoa can drain, then bring 3 1/2 cups of water and 1 tablespoon of salt to a boil in a saucepan.
Stir in the quinoa, cover, and reduce the heat to medium-low.
Simmer until the quinoa has absorbed the liquid and is tender, about 15 minutes.
Set aside, and keep warm.
Melt the coconut oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Add the onion and garlic; cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the tomatoes, and cook for 5 minutes more.
Pour in the water and coconut milk, and add the molasses, coconut powder, cinnamon, curry powder, and ground coriander.
Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, then stir in the lentils, and cook until just tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
Stir frequently as the lentils cook to keep them from sticking.
Be careful not to overcook them, as they will quickly loose shape and become a paste.
Once the lentils are done, season to taste with salt and pepper, and stir in the chopped cilantro.
Serve the lentil stew over a bed of quinoa.
Preheat oil in a large, deep skillet over medium high heat.
Peel the plantains and cut them in half.
Slice the halves lengthwise into thin pieces.
Fry the pieces until browned and tender.
Drain excess oil on paper towels.
Drain the beet liquid into a medium saucepan.
To the liquid add vinegar, sugar, cornstarch and salt.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
Reduce heat to medium; stir in beets and cook until heated through.
In a large bowl, combine cabbage, carrot, onion, vegetable oil, vinegar and sugar.
Stir until the ingredients are well mixed.
Chill in the refrigerator until serving.
In a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, sweet pickle relish, vinegar, mustard, sugar, turmeric, dill, and parsley.
Mix well, and reserve.
Place drained tofu in large bowl, and crumble with a fork.
Stir in onion and celery.
Mix in reserved mixture.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Chill for several hours to allow flavors to blend.
In a large bowl, toss together pineapple, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, corn, black beans, onions, green chile peppers, orange juice, and cilantro.
Season with cumin, salt, and pepper.
Cover, and chill in the refrigerator until serving.
Cook the lentils by boiling or pressure cooking until lentils are soft.
(Pressure cooking is faster.)
In a skillet heat the oil and add mustard seeds.
When mustard seeds begin to flutter, add onions, ginger, jalapeno peppers, and garlic.
Saute until the onions and garlic are golden brown.
Add coriander and cumin.
Add chopped tomatoes.
Saute the mixture well until tomatoes are well cooked.
Add water.
Boil 6 minutes.
Add cooked lentils, stirring well.
Add salt to taste, stirring well.
Add finely chopped cilantro and remove from heat.
Serve hot.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Toast pitas 5 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, until crisp.
Remove from heat, and break into bite size pieces.
In a large bowl, toss together toasted pita pieces, romaine lettuce, green onions, cucumber, and tomatoes.
In a small bowl, mix the parsley, garlic, sumac powder, lemon juice, olive oil, salt, pepper, and mint.
Pour over the pita mixture, and toss just before serving.
In a large bowl combine olive oil, vinegar, oregano, chili powder, garlic salt, salt, pepper and sugar.
To the marinade add the zucchini, yellow squash, onion, green pepper and red pepper.
Marinate vegetables in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes, but not more than 24 hours.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Drain the vegetables and saute until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes.
Stir in the corn and beans; increase the heat to high for 5 minutes, to brown vegetables.
Sterilize 6 (1/2 pint) jars with rings and lids and keep hot.
Trim green beans to 1/4 inch shorter than your jars.
In a large saucepan, stir together the vinegar, water and salt.
Add garlic and bring to a rolling boil over high heat.
In each jar, place 1 sprig of dill and 1/8 teaspoon of red pepper flakes.
Pack green beans into the jars so they are standing on their ends.
Ladle the boiling brine into the jars, filling to within 1/4 inch of the tops.
Discard garlic.
Seal jars with lids and rings.
Place in a hot water bath so they are covered by 1 inch of water.
Simmer but do not boil for 10 minutes to process.
Cool to room temperature.
Test jars for a good seal by pressing on the center of the lid.
It should not move.
Refrigerate any jars that do not seal properly.
Let pickles ferment for 2 to 3 weeks before eating.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a baking sheet.
Mash black beans in a bowl; add onion, garlic, carrots, and green bell pepper.
Mix.
Whisk cornstarch, water, chile-garlic sauce, chili powder, cumin, seafood seasoning, salt, and black pepper together in a separate small bowl.
Stir cornstarch mixture into black bean mixture.
Mix whole-wheat bread into bean mixture.
Stir flour, 1/4 cup at a time, into bean mixture until a sticky batter forms.
Spoon 'burger-sized' mounds of batter onto the prepared baking sheet, about a 3/4-inch thickness per mound.
Shape into burgers.
Bake in the preheated oven until cooked in the center and crisp in the outside, about 10 minutes on each side.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in lentils, onion, cabbage, and garlic; cook until tender.
Stir in sausage and tomatoes.
Crumble vegetable cubes over mixture and pour in water.
Stir in bay leaf, thyme, and cayenne pepper.
Bring to a boil; cover, and simmer until lentils are tender, about 30 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over low heat.
Sweat the garlic; when the garlic becomes aromatic, slowly stir in pepper, cumin, curry powder and chili powder.
When spices begin to fry and become fragrant, stir in the bouillon cube and a little water.
Increase heat to high and add the rest of the water and the soy sauce.
Just before the mixture comes to a boil, stir in rice.
Bring to a rolling boil; reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 15 to 20 minutes, or until all liquid is absorbed.
Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes.
Place the cranberries, grated orange rind, cinnamon, orange juice, brown sugar and enough water to cover cranberries in a saucepan.
Bring mixture to a boil over high heat.
Immediately turn heat down and simmer for about one hour or until the sauce has thickened.
Taste for sweetness and adjust with additional sugar if necessary.
You can not overcook, so continue cooking until you have a good thick consistency.
Let mixture cool a bit then refrigerate in a covered container.
Blend cashews and 1 cup vegetable broth in a blender until smooth, about 1 minute.
Pour the remaining 4 cups vegetable broth into a large pot; add potatoes and onion.
Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook for 5 minutes.
Stir in broccoli and basil; return to a simmer.
Cover and cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes.
Stir cashew mixture into soup; add salt and black pepper.
Bring to a simmer and immediately remove from heat.
Transfer about half the soup to a blender; blend until smooth.
Return blended soup to pot and stir well.
Serve immediately.
Pour the water into the pan of a bread machine, then sprinkle in the yeast and sugar.
Let the mixture sit in the bread machine until a creamy foam forms on top of the water, about 10 minutes.
Sprinkle in the salt, then add olive oil, thyme, garlic powder, rosemary, and flour.
Set the machine for light crust setting, and start the machine.
In a pot, bring the water to a boil, and stir in the lentils.
Reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes; drain.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and saute the green bell pepper and onion until tender.
Mix in the tomatoes, and season with salt and pepper.
Stir in the lentils, reduce heat, and simmer 25 to 30 minutes, until the lentils are tender.
Heat the oil in a wok over medium heat.
Stir in the onions, ginger garlic paste, and bay leaf.
Cook until the onions are tender.
Mix in the potatoes and peas.
Cover and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.
Remove the bay leaf.
Stir the tomato puree, garam masala, paprika, sugar, and salt into the vegetable mixture.
Continue cooking about 10 minutes.
Mix in the cilantro and continue cooking about 2 minutes.
In a large resealable plastic bag, mix the olive oil, parsley, oregano, basil, vinegar, kosher salt, pepper, and garlic.
Place the onion, asparagus, mushrooms, eggplant, red bell pepper, and yellow bell pepper into the bag.
Seal, and marinate 2 hours in the refrigerator, turning occasionally
Preheat the grill for high heat.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
Grill the vegetables 6 minutes on each side, until tender.
Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
In a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder and salt.
In a separate bowl, cream together butter and sugar.
Stir in eggs, maple syrup and mashed bananas until well blended.
Add the banana mixture to the flour mixture; mix until batter is just moist.
Pour batter into prepared loaf pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 30 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean.
If using muffin or cupcake tins, bake for 15 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Arrange heads of garlic on a baking sheet.
Sprinkle garlic with olive oil.
Bake for 40 minutes to 1 hour, when the garlic is soft and squeezable, it is ready.
Remove, let cool, and serve.
In a large bowl mix the zucchini, eggplant, carrots, tomatoes, onions and peppers with the oil, rosemary, thyme, bay leaves, oregano, garlic, lemon juice, lemon zest, salt and pepper.
Cover and chill for at least 2 hours, and preferably overnight.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
On a large roasting pan, roast the vegetables, uncovered, for 20 minutes, or until the tomatoes have split and the edges of some of the vegetables are starting to crisp.
Remove from the oven and stir before returning to the oven for another 20 minutes.
At this time reduce heat to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C) and continue cooking until vegetables are tender, turning every 20 minutes.
Place onion, bell pepper, cilantro, and jalapeno peppers into a food processor.
Pulse until finely chopped.
Add tomatoes, and pulse just a few times until the tomatoes are coarsely chopped.
Transfer to a bowl with a tight-fitting lid.
In a separate bowl, whisk together olive oil, red wine vinegar, lime juice, and salt.
Pour dressing over tomatoes, and stir well.
Cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
In a bowl, mix the olive oil, vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, salt, and pepper.
Place the spinach over boiling water in a pot fitted with a steamer basket, and steam 2 to 3 minutes, until wilted but not soggy.
Toss spinach in a bowl with the dressing, and sprinkle with pine nuts to serve.
Place the cauliflower florets into a large bowl of lightly salted water; allow to stand for 20 minutes.
Drain well, and arrange on a sheet of heavy aluminum foil on a baking sheet.
Spray the olive oil cooking spray evenly on the cauliflower.
Preheat the oven's broiler and set the oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source.
Broil the cauliflower until browned, 20 to 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a large soup pot, and cook the onion until translucent, about 5 minutes; stir in the garlic and roasted cauliflower.
Pour in the water, season with salt and black pepper, and simmer until all the vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes.
Blend the soup in the pot with an immersion hand blender until creamy and smooth.
In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, oil, sugar and soy sauce.
Set aside.
Melt the margarine over medium heat in a small skillet.
Crush the ramen noodles while still in their packaging, and add to the margarine along with the almonds and sesame seeds.
Saute until everything is golden brown.
Remove from heat and drain on a paper towel.
Chop the bok choy and green onions and add to a large bowl.
Just before serving, sprinkle with the noodle mixture and dressing, and toss to coat.
In a jar with a tight fitting lid, combine vinegar, oil, garlic, sugar, and salt.
Shake well.
While holding a pint canning jar at an angle, add ingredients to create a "sand art" look.
The salt and cayenne may be divided into smaller portions and used to separate other spices.
I found it simplest to use 7 cups--one with each spice in it--and add them to my jar with a spoon, as I want to create the special look.
In a large saucepan, combine squash, zucchini, tomatoes with chiles, onion, salt and garlic powder.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
Reduce heat to low and cook until tender-crisp.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat.
Stir in zucchini, yellow squash, red bell pepper, green bell pepper, jalapeno, garlic, and onion.
Cook 5 minutes, just until tender.
Mix tomatoes with liquid, tomato paste, black beans, corn, and chili beans in spicy sauce into the pot.
Season with chili powder, oregano, black pepper, and cayenne pepper.
Bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
Preheat grill for high heat.
In a bowl, mix sesame oil, soy sauce, garlic, and brown sugar.
Place asparagus in the bowl, and toss to coat.
Lightly oil a fine-mesh grill grate.
Place asparagus on grate, and cook 8 minutes, until tender but firm.
Garnish with sesame seeds to serve.
Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Heat garlic, cilantro and chili paste.
Saute onion until tender.
Stir in carrots and potato; cook 5 minutes and then pour in vegetable broth.
Simmer for 30 to 45 minutes, or until potatoes and carrots are soft.
With a hand blender, blend until smooth.
In a large saucepan over a medium-low heat, warm the oil.
Add onion and saute for 3 to 5 minutes.
Mix in green peas, bay leaf, and jasmine rice.
Stir to coat the rice.
Pour 3 cups water into the saucepan and add the salt.
Increase the heat to medium and let the rice come to a quick simmer.
Reduce heat to low and let rice simmer lightly and sit uncovered until all of the liquid is absorbed.
Cover the rice and remove from heat, let sit approximately 40 minutes.
Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Wash and halve tomatoes.
Gently squeeze out the seeds.
Place the tomatoes on a non-stick cookie sheet, and sprinkle with salt to taste.
Bake until tomatoes take on a leathery texture.
This could literally take all day; smaller pieces will require less oven time.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Remove leaves and tender inner parts of celery and set aside.
Toss onions, carrots, tomatoes, bell peppers and turnips with olive oil.
Place vegetables in a roasting pan and place them in the 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) oven.
Stir the vegetable every 15 minutes.
Cook until all of the vegetables have browned and the onions start to caramelize, this will take over one hour.
Put the browned vegetables, celery, garlic, cloves,  bay leaf, pepper corns, Italian parsley and water into a large stock pot.
Bring to a full boil.
Reduce heat to simmer.
Cook uncovered until liquid is reduced by half.
Pour the broth through a colander, catching the broth in a large bowl or pot.
The liquid caught in the bowl or pot is your vegetable broth it can be used immediately or stored for later use.
Although the vegetables are no longer necessary for your broth they are delicious to eat hot or cold, don't waste them!
In a large pot over medium heat, combine onion, celery, potatoes, split peas, bay leaves and broth.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and simmer 1 hour.
Remove the bay leaves and stir in the zucchini, broccoli, basil and black pepper.
Simmer 20 minutes, until broccoli is tender.
Stir in spinach and remove from heat.
Puree in a blender or food processor using an immersion blender.
Salt to taste.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Lightly oil a large baking sheet.
Gently press tofu pieces to release as much water as possible.
Arrange tofu on the prepared baking sheet.
Whisk soy sauce, agave nectar, sesame oil, garlic, and ginger together in a bowl until marinade is evenly combined.
Brush half of the marinade over tofu pieces.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Flip tofu and brush remaining marinade over tofu.
Sprinkle sesame seeds over tofu.
Continue baking until tofu is crisp, about 30 minutes more.
Transfer tofu to a wire rack using a spatula; cool.
In a small bowl mash 2/3 cup of beans to a smooth paste.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine the remaining  beans with the water.
When heated through, stir in garlic, pepper, salt and liquid smoke.
Stir the bean paste into the whole beans and mix well.
Stir in the onion and cook for 10 minutes, or until onions are slightly cooked.
Wash the beets and boil until tender, about 45 minutes (or 20 minutes in a pressure cooker).
Remove the skins by running cold water over the boiled beets, and then slipping of their skins.
Slice the beets and toss with the olive oil, vinegar, garlic, and salt.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat, and cook the onion until tender.
Mix in the lentils and garlic, and season with curry powder, cumin, and cayenne pepper.
Cook and stir 2 minutes.
Stir in the tomatoes, garbanzo beans, kidney beans, and raisins.
Season with salt and pepper.
Reduce heat to low, and simmer at least 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
In a large bowl, gently toss the cooked pasta, tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, and basil.
Season with salt and pepper.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook the green, red, and yellow bell peppers, onions, and garlic until the onions start to brown, 8 to 10 minutes.
Place the mixture into a slow cooker.
Stir in spinach, corn, zucchini, yellow squash, chili powder, cumin, oregano, parsley, salt, black pepper, tomatoes, black beans, garbanzo beans, kidney beans, and tomato paste until thoroughly mixed.
Pour the tomato sauce and vegetable broth over the ingredients.
Set the cooker on Low, and cook until all vegetables are tender, 4 to 5 hours.
Check seasoning; if chili is too thick, add more tomato sauce and vegetable broth to desired thickness.
Cook an additional 1 to 2 hours to blend the flavors.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large saucepan over medium-low heat, combine 1 1/4 cups broth, yeast extract, lentils and barley.
Simmer for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile,  in a medium saucepan combine remaining 3/4 cup broth, carrot, onion and walnuts; cook until tender, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes.
Drain and mash.
Combine flour and water and stir into carrot mixture; simmer until thickened.
Combine carrot mixture with lentil mixture and season with salt and pepper.
Pour mixture into a 2 quart casserole dish.
Spoon mashed potatoes over lentil mixture.
Bake in preheated oven until lightly browned on top, about 30 minutes.
Cut the celery stalks in half.
Spread with peanut butter.
Sprinkle with raisins.
In a large pot combine tomatoes, tomato paste, broccoli, carrots, onion, zucchini, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, garlic, bay leaves, olive oil, basil, rosemary, oregano, thyme, salt, pepper, sugar, and water.
Heat to just boiling, cover and reduce heat to simmer.
Cook until all vegetable are tender, approximately 45 minutes.
Stir occasionally.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, mix together red bell peppers, onion, white wine vinegar, sugar and crushed red pepper flakes.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to simmer.
Stirring occasionally, cook 30 minutes, or until thickened.
Refrigerate 4 hours or overnight before serving.
Turn the tofu on its side, and cut it into 4 thin slices.
Lay the tofu flat again, and cut the block diagonally to make 8 triangles.
Without separating the pieces, place tofu on a cutting board.
Cover, with a paper towel, and place a heavy skillet on top.
Set aside for 30 minutes, allowing time for excess water to drain from the tofu.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the orange juice, vinegar, soy sauce, oils, garlic, ginger, and red pepper flakes.
Separate the pressed tofu pieces, and arrange in a baking dish in a single layer.
Cover with the marinade, and sprinkle with the green onion and cilantro.
Cut the stems off the chiles, remove the seeds, and place the chiles in the baking dish.
Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate  for at least 30 minutes, and up to overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Pour off some of the marinade, so the tofu is covered halfway.
Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, without turning, until the tofu is golden and most of the marinade has been absorbed.
In a large saucepan over medium-high, heat oil and saute onion, and garlic until golden.
Stir in curry powder and tomato paste, cook 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes, vegetable bouillon cube, mixed vegetables, water, salt and pepper to taste.
Cook approximately 30 minutes until vegetables are well done (not crunchy).
Sprinkle with fresh cilantro prior to serving.
Mix together green beans, wax beans, kidney beans, onion, sugar, vinegar, vegetable oil, salt, pepper, and celery seed.
Let set in refrigerator for at least 12 hours.
In a large saute pan, heat the oil over medium heat.
Add the potatoes and stir.
Stir in the garlic.
Add the olives and cook and stir for several minutes.
Stir in the tomatoes, and oregano.
Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 30 minutes or until potatoes are tender.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Place the sweet potatoes into a 9x13 inch baking dish, drizzle with 1 tablespoon of corn oil, and season with salt and pepper.
Stir to coat the sweet potatoes in oil.
Roast in the preheated oven until the sweet potatoes are golden and tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
Stir occasionally as they cook so the sweet potatoes cook evenly.
Meanwhile, measure out 1 cup of corn kernels and set aside.
Place the remaining corn into a blender, and puree with the water until smooth; set aside.
Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of corn oil in a large saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in the celery, onion, and shallot.
Cook and stir until the onion has softened, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the tomato paste and dried thyme leaves; cook 1 minute more.
Pour in the vegetable broth, corn puree, bay leaf, salt, and cubed potato.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the potato is tender, 25 to 35 minutes.
Once the potato is tender, remove and discard the  bay leaf.
Stir in the whole corn kernels, sweet potato, and chopped parsley.
Return to a simmer and season to taste with salt and pepper before serving.
Place avocado, banana, soy milk, cocoa powder, agave nectar, lemon juice, and coconut into a blender.
Cover, and puree until smooth.
Divide into small containers, and store in the refrigerator 1 hour until set.
In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook beans 3 to 8 minutes or until tender.
Drain and place in a large bowl.
Add olive oil, lemon zest, hazelnuts, salt and pepper.
Beans may be made 1 day ahead, chilled and covered.
Reheat beans, preferably in a microwave.
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat.
Stir in the onion and garlic, and saute 5 minutes, until onion is tender.
Mix in quinoa, lentils, and mushrooms.
Pour in the broth.
Cover, and cook 20 minutes.
Remove the pot from heat.
Shred chard, and gently mix into the pot.
Cover, and allow to sit 5 minutes, or until chard is wilted.
In a heavy saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over medium heat.
Add the garlic and the chopped onions; saute for 5 minutes, stirring frequently.
Mix in the bell pepper, chili powder, ground annatto, chili flakes, cumin, and cinnamon.
Saute for 2 minutes.
Pour the rice into the saucepan and stir to coat.
Add the water and 1 teaspoon salt, and bring the rice to a boil over high heat.
Cover the pan and turn the heat to low.
Simmer the rice for 25 minutes.
When the rice is cooked, mix in tomatoes, corn, black beans, and pine nuts.
Stir in salt, pepper and lime juice.
When the mixture is heated through, spoon it onto plates and top with the sliced red onion and cilantro.
Serve a wedge or two of lime with each plate to squeeze over the rice.
In a large skillet over medium heat, saute garlic in oil until tender, 2 minutes.
Stir in basil and crushed tomatoes.
Season with salt and pepper and cook 15 to 20 minutes, until slightly thickened.
Serve immediately.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Saute broccoli and sesame seeds for 2 minutes.
Stir in bell pepper and cook 2 to 3 minutes, until pepper is tender crisp.
In a salad bowl, lightly mix together the garbanzo beans, black beans, mint, parsley, onion, and grape tomatoes.
Place the jalapeno pepper, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, and apple cider vinegar into a blender, and blend until thoroughly combined.
Pour the dressing over the salad, and toss to mix; sprinkle with salt and black pepper to serve.
In a large bowl, combine the romaine, escarole, radicchio, red-leaf, scallions, red pepper, green pepper and cherry tomatoes.
Whisk together the grapeseed oil, basil, vinegar, lemon juice and salt and pepper.
Pour over salad, toss  and serve immediately.
In a large bowl, combine the tomato, onion, cucumber, bell pepper, basil, parsley, garlic and vinegar.
Toss and add salt and pepper to taste.
Chill and serve.
Sift the chickpea flour into a medium bowl.
Mix in the coriander, salt, turmeric, chili powder, garam masala and garlic.
Make a well in the center of the flower.
Gradually pour the water into the well and mix to form a thick, smooth batter.
Over medium high heat in a large, heavy saucepan, heat the oil to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Coat the cauliflower and onions in the batter and fry them in small batches until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes.
Drain on paper towels before serving.
In a saucepan over medium heat, combine coconut milk, peanut butter, onion, soy sauce, brown sugar, and pepper flakes.
Bring to a boil, stirring frequently.
Remove from heat, and keep warm.
In a slow cooker, combine apple cider and cinnamon sticks.
Wrap allspice and cloves in a small piece of cheesecloth, and add to pot.
Stir in brown sugar.
Bring to a boil over high heat.
Reduce heat, and keep warm.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Add macaroni, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
Transfer to a medium baking dish.
Heat vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in onion, and cook until tender and lightly browned.
Gently mix with the macaroni.
In a blender or food processor, mix cashews, lemon juice, water, and salt.
Gradually blend in canola oil, roasted red peppers, nutritional yeast, garlic powder, and onion powder.
Blend until smooth.
Thoroughly mix with the macaroni and onions.
Bake 45 minutes in the preheated oven, until lightly browned.
Cool 10 to 15 minutes before serving.
In a large saucepan bring 2 cups of water to a boil.
Stir in barley and reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer for 40 to 45 minutes or until tender.
Let cool.
In a saucepan bring 1 1/2 cups water to a boil add the rice.
Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered for about 20 minutes or until tender.
Let cool.
In a large bowl, combine the cooled barley, rice, black beans, kidney beans, corn, onions, red bell pepper and cilantro.
Mix well.
To make dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, garlic, chili powder, salt, red pepper flakes and black pepper.
Whisk in oil and pour over salad and toss well.
Transfer to a lettuce-lined bowl to serve.
Combine cabbage, vegetable broth, diced tomatoes, carrots, celery, onion, garlic, apple cider vinegar, lemon juice, and sage in a multi-functional pressure cooker (such as Instant Pot(R)).
Close and lock the lid.
Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 15 minutes.
Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.
Release pressure using the natural-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, 10 to 40 minutes.
Unlock and remove lid.
In a food processor, place tomatillos, shallots, garlic, green chile peppers, cilantro, jalapeno pepper and salt.
Using the pulse setting, coarsely chop.
Cover and chill in the refrigerator until serving.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Toast sesame seeds for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the seeds begin to turn golden brown.
Set aside.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
Cook broccoli in boiling water for 3 to 5 minutes, or until desired tenderness.
Drain, and transfer to a large bowl.
In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, sugar, and sesame seeds.
Pour over broccoli, and toss to coat.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan.
Cook and stir carrot, onion, celery and curry for about 5 minutes.
Add the water, peas and salt.
Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 45 to 50 minutes, or until very thick.
Heat olive oil in a large stock pot over medium-high heat.
Cook onion, bell pepper, and garlic until lightly browned, about 5 minutes.
Stir in tomatoes with their juice, vegetable broth, pepper, and red pepper flakes.
Simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes.
Add rice to soup and stir.
Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 25 minutes, or until rice is tender.
When rice is cooked, whisk in peanut butter and return to a simmer, and serve.
Garnish with chopped roasted peanuts, if desired.
In a saucepan, combine rice, apple juice, chopped apple, and raisins.
Season with cinnamon and salt.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and cover for about 17 minutes.
Lift lid, and see if rice is moist enough for your taste; if not, cook another couple minutes.
Mix in fresh parsley.
Serve immediately.
Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-low heat, and cook and stir the onion and garlic until translucent but not browned, 6 to 7 minutes.
Stir in the mushrooms and basil, and cook and stir until the basil is wilted and the mushrooms are cooked through and have given up their juices, about 10 minutes.
Pour in the whole peeled tomatoes, and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring and chopping the tomatoes into pieces with a spoon.
Pour in the tomato sauce and stir, crushing any large pieces of tomato left, and bring to a simmer.
Let the sauce simmer until slightly thickened and bubbling, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes.
Stir the tomato paste into the sauce, and fill the empty tomato paste can with Merlot wine, stirring to dissolve any remaining tomato paste in the can.
Pour the Merlot wine into the sauce, and stir well to combine.
Bring the sauce back to a simmer, and stir in the salt, pepper, dried oregano, and sugar.
Let the sauce simmer until the seasonings are blended and the sauce is heated through, about 3 more minutes.
Mix together the tomato paste, white vinegar, brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder, allspice, salt, molasses, corn syrup, and water in a saucepan over low heat; simmer gently until you get the consistency of ketchup, 45 minutes to 1 hour.
Taste and adjust salt if necessary before serving.
